This research objective is motivated in part by previous findings about authorship-based variations in the adoption of image-repairing strategies (Xu & Hu, 2021) and linguistic assignment of agency/responsibility for retraction (Hu & Xu, 2020).	0
The present contribution is one of the first to shed light on this dynamic aspect of community knowledge production.	1
The aim of this study was to assess FMF articles published between 2010 and 2019 bibliometrically and to present up-to-date data.	1
Despite the importance and application of text-based and linked-based metrics to measure the similarity of articles, a study that examines the power of these metrics alone and in comparison with each other in estimating the similarity of articles was not observed.	1
The strength of the current study lies in the approach taken - ICT literacy, moral obligation and past behavior were incorporated into the TBP model in order to predict plagiarism.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that there are no conflict of interest.	0
In our opinion, allowing the growth of this scientometric bubble is as irresponsible as allowing the growth of financial bubbles.	1
Institutions greater than or equal to Degree centralities ≥ 2 as listed in Table 2 above	0
However, previous studies didn't focus on citation rates and were more general in scope (Aristovnik et al., 2020).	1
Nevertheless, this scientometric meta-review of AI benchmarks introduces a series of methodological innovations, raises new questions and makes a series of recommendations.	1
This paper contributes to the literature by examining the role of one group of strategic foundations that are pioneering new development models for disease research, a group that has previously been neglected in the literature in terms of their position within the distribution of academic funding.	1
2 Department of Information Resources Management, School of Public Affairs, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310058, China	0
This paper attempts to provide a comprehensive picture of scientific collaboration on COVID-19 research among countries/regions and among institutes within the first few months of the pandemic.	1
This study has identified 206 potentially affected Chinese university names, with 96 of them being affected to varying extents as of 31 December 2022.	1
Michele Frasier is Circulation, Instruction, and Reserves Librarian in the Linscheid Library at East Central University; e-mail: smccullr@mailclerk.ecok.edu.	0
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
These patents may also be the ones with innovation supported by academic research outcomes in a more significant manner.	0
RQ4: No previous study has investigated whether gendered citation advantages associate with increasing proportions of women, so the lack of evidence that this occurs is new information.	1
the case we present in this paper demonstrates that detecting and identifying predatory practices at a micro scale, i.e., at the journal level, may be a very difficult and time wasting or fruitless mission.	1
Our analysis provides a historical perspective on the progress in AD research through a review of landmark papers on this condition, and indicates areas of research that require further attention and investigation.	1
In each country, over 70% of the respondents are involved simultaneously in both theoretical and applied topics.	0
Keywords Bioethics · Macro-ethics · Research ethics · Genomics Bioinformation Globalisation · Biobanking	0
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
The information obtained herein has implications for health management.	1
As this observation is consistent with what has been discovered in previous research (Ding et al.	1
Knowledge tests on researchers' state of knowledge concerning the h-index are—to our best knowledge—a research desideratum, too.	1
Lee, Drexel University School of Public Health, 1505 Race Street, Mail Stop 1033, Philadelphia, PA 19102.	0
Harrison's ideas remain relevant and important, but little has been done to recognize his call for a bill of rights.	1
It re-uses a dataset produced by the European Commission (EC)-funded project MORE2 (IDEA Consult 2013) to make novel contributions to the literature on international researcher mobility and academic careers.	1
Our study was a retrospective bibliometric analysis not involving human subjects; it was exempt from Institutional Review Board approval.	0
This environment was generated by shrinking the tenth partition of six journals into a macro-journal, of which the k = 1 neighbourhood can be determined in Pajek.	0
With special thanks to Marie McVeigh, Director of JCR and Bibliographic Policy, Thomson Reuters who provided the data, valuable advice and guidance used for the citation analyses presented in this article.	0
The results are shown in Table 2, ranked by number of CR.	0
Received February 19, 2015; revised March 18, 2015; accepted March 18, 2015	0
Nevertheless, Scientometrics is a flagship journal in the field of scientometrics, and it was used here to demonstrate a novel approach to study evolving collaboration networks at the micro, meso and macro levels.	1
However, these discussions are partial and scattered, and, to the best of our knowledge, no one has yet brought such opinions together for a comprehensive evaluation through a terminological lens.	1
The question is raised by Moshe Vardi in a May 2009 Communications editor's letter.	0
Another limitation is that the results include an unknown proportion of self-citations, including these may inflate the counts for universities with many patenting inventors.	0
This article seeks to add to the growing literature on populating institutional repositories via mediated deposits by exploring how to leverage batch processes to harvest, crosswalk, and ingest records—all under staffing and resource constraints.	1
An issue related to this is what I have called an impact gap a failure to connect the impact agenda to more junior academics; their current contributions and their training or capacity-building needs.	1
The label X is removed from the dataset before final construction of the map	0
Some papers appeared to be retracted, see the Quantitative Analysis paragraph for a comprehensive report.	0
As previously mentioned, the solid lines mean that the linked themes share the name: both themes have the same name, or the name of one of the themes is part of the other theme.	0
To assess this data as specifically as possible and to address all relevant factors, the evaluation is split into five dimensions, each of which involves distinct metrics.	1
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/article/doi/10.1093/reseval/rvad038/7497085 by Jnls Cust Serv on 01 February 2024	0
4a, the average bibliography size increased steadily over the time spanned by our data.	0
Furthermore, the current paper addresses important issues that have received scant attention in the previous work.	1
Importantly, geographers have contributed more substantially to high IF-journals over the past decade.	1
This may explain a relative increase in French, Spanish and Italian contributions to journals published in English, whilst the pressure in Germany may remain relatively strong to publish in the German literature.	0
Section 2 provides background information about the national university reform in Japan.	0
The ability to follow long-term changes in the quality of research output should be approached as a very important and unique feature, differentiating the SQI capacity from other bibliometric indices.	1
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues or clients, contact us at www.rsna.org/rsnarights.	0
Our work has potential implications for the future policies with respect to the innovative research in the solar energy field.	1
Although the pharmaceutical industry has become increasingly global, most of the studies examined the growth in patent filings in individual countries, without focus on the world as a whole [41].	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Received 7 July 2022; Received in revised form 13 September 2022; Accepted 3 November 2022	0
The main contributions of the present study are: (a) The introduction of the concept of document content similarity to add suitable weight to the co-citation index.	1
The size of a node reflects the importance of the topic in terms of its size (number of terms) and its degree (number of links to other nodes).	0
Therefore, previous studies that have examined how to measure the internationality of journals as well as those that have examined conversion to open access are significant for this study.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
This paper was supported in part by a research grant from the Turkish Scientific and Technological Research Center (115K440).	0
Only four disciplines – computer science, communication, management, and education are included.	0
Note: Ordered by value of impact factor from high to low; SC, self-cited	0
Although there is literature on collaboration between Africa and the West and collaboration between China and the West, there is little research that connects and explains the China-Africa research collaboration.	1
For example, its connections with computer sciences remain for future study [13].	0
Paper presented at the Fourth International Conference on Bibliometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics in Berlin (Germany), September 11-15, 1993.	0
The editorial in the January 10, 2002, issue of Nature and a following paper in its February 14, 2002 issue are both timely and important.	0
This is the basic difference between the proposed counting and existing schemas.	1
While it is not surprising that lab group members influence the lab culture, our findings highlight specific ways in which Pls can positively influence lab culture.	1
The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw, ul.	0
Characteristics of retraction have not been investigated at the country level.	1
Total number of journals=86, Average number of articles=36.22, Average number of articles, excluding the last Bradford zone=36.62	0
While our study was informative and the first to evaluate the usefulness of AAS in pharmacy journals, unanswered questions remain.	1
(2013) in their overview of the literature on research collaboration.	1
Subsequently, a wide range of terminologies for such journals exposes their efforts to conceal their dishonest tactics.	0
Further, there is little data on the methods that librarians use to engage others in research endeavors, as well as their relative successes.	1
Datapoint size relates to the number of articles published in a given year.	0
A recent trend is to forgo journal-based classification systems and create a subject scheme based on publication-level data and clustering routines.	1
This paper presents an extensive application of the automated algorithm to the major scientific journals in the Manufacturing field, with four main aims: To estimate the omitted-citation rate of these journals, according to WoS and Scopus; To analyse the effect of two factors—i.e., (i) the journal of cited papers and (ii) the age of citing papers—on the omitted-citation rate of the journals examined; To estimate the distortions that omitted citations may cause on the average-citations-per-paper (CPP) indicator and its extremely popular and (mis)used variant, i.e., the journal IF; To estimate the “corrected” CPP of the journals examined, taking into account the omitted-citation rate of the database(s) in use.	1
Differences in vulnerability between the general and HIV networks may be related to patterns of growth, with the former developing slowly and organically, and the latter developing rapidly via targeted funding.	1
The analysis presented herein is based on a document- topic matrix of dimensions NDX NT, where ND is the total number of journal articles and NT is the number of topics (20).	0
The peer review history for this article is available at https://publons.com/publon/10.1111/jan.14463.	0
Our results will help nurse managers identify issues related to COVID-19 that have not been researched yet and have not been adequately explained in their own institutions.	1
Minimum number of citations and FFa scores needed for inclusion in five percentile categories.	0
P. Olsbo / Does openness and open access policy relate to the success of universities?	0
The authors are grateful to Shu-Yu Tung and Yun-Ling Lu for collecting the raw data used in the experiments.	0
This is also one of only a few studies to expand prior research, which limited its bibliometric foci to journal articles, to conference papers.	1
We have shown here that analysis of the bibliography can surface clues that an article may need further investigation of potential research integrity issues.	1
Finally, we introduce the generality of knowledge as an additional measure of interdisciplinarity and, at the same time, as a relevant indicator of the achievement of the public goal to obtain interdisciplinary solutions to societal problems.	1
For this conceptualization study, SSA was chosen as a setting.	1
In addition, a supplement of $21.8 billion was also injected to establish new universities, research labs and scholarship programs for higher education.	0
I want to highlight relevant facts related to these two aspects that O&L do not mention in their paper.	0
Andrew Moore and an anonymous referee for helpful suggestions on the paper.	0
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
That means scientists can use titles creatively, even inserting touches of humour (Heard 2014), without fear of their work ending up in undeserved obscurity.	1
From the Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC, Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC, Henry Ford Hospital, Detroit, MI, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, NY, Mercer University School of Medicine, Macon, GA, and National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, Bethesda, MD.	0
Funding This research was funded by NSF ADVANCE-IT Award #1824090, "Collaboration and Equity: The Resources, Relationships, and Recognition (R3) Model for Advancing Women and Underrepresented Faculty in Science and Engineering."	0
Consent to publish: Not available due to all data downloaded from PubMed.	0
The data are depicted graphically in Figure 1, where the frequencies, in terms of percent, are plotted against the number of references per paper.	0
This study was the first to apply a business managerial system as a tool to improve the conduct of research by university-based medical staff.	1
Let me now try to knit these various strands of evidence about interdisciplinary terminological exchange into a few broader conclusions.	0
To uncover the effect of quantitative assessment on the publication strategies of clinical researchers in Denmark, we interviewed 9 senior researchers at the Department of Clinical Research at the University of Southern Denmark with the lowest and highest values for a, as defined by Hirsch.	1
The above survey discusses the salient researches to quantitatively measure the knowledge flows using the bibliography database.	0
This research showed that only 26.5% full texts of papers from subscription-based journals that allow open access are deposited in the UZSM repository.	1
Consequently, this study represents an innovative contribution to the field.	1
We take a comprehensive approach, covering a wide set of influencing factors for researchers across different scientific fields.	1
This leads directly to a research gap in scientometrics.	1
Second, we claim that insights into research intentions will allow the field of scientometric analysis to expand its scope of application.	1
Despite this heavy burden of disease, no concise studies have been published on the global research landscape so far.	1
The JDC method provides a reasonable and effective means for quantitative analysis of differences in academic journals, allowing the measurement of the differences in journals and detection of unique individual journals.	1
So if 10 years of data are available for a mathematician, then that mathematician will account for 10 observations in the sample.	0
To find the complexity of the proposed algorithm, the complexity of each algorithm is individually evaluated.	0
This paper provides a comprehensive and visual understanding of this well-regarded scientific journal.	1
* The n varies for some of the analysis in this study due to missing data for some variables.	0
In response, this article uses simulated data to systematically compare the accuracy of confidence limits in the simplest possible case, a single field and year.	1
The proposed revision deals with head, tail, and zero citation distribution issues.	1
Meredith Anderson is at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70803, USA.	0
Appendix A provides title-by-title indexing notes for the 95 journals that are currently still listed in the DOAJ web site.	0
The paper includes a formal proof of the negative impact of the obscolescence rate as well as the discount rate on human capital production and we show that this reduction is largest at earlier ages.	1
This content downloaded from 194.29.185.86 on Fri, 16 May 2014 15:23:28 PM	0
key articles leading to Nobel Prizes, do not behave as flames in the landscape of scholarly communication.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
The number of publications in each field is used as a weight.	0
The visual representation of the used keywords in WoS used since 1992 is shown in Fig.	0
In this study, however, we incorporate article types in to our analysis when interpreting the citation and usage data.	1
This is the novel contribution of the paper.	1
** This figure comes from the web site of the National Library of Medicine of USA (http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/medline.html).	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Acknowledgements This work is supported in part by the Slovenian Research Agency (research program P1-0294 and research projects J5-2557 and J5-4596), research program CogniCom (0013103) at the University of Primorska, and prepared within the framework of the COST action CA21163 (HiTEc).	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1542 times since 2008*	0
There are many reasons editorial delay (time from submission to publication) can slow down publication that are outside of journals’ control.	0
To summarize those past experience to look forward to the future is absolutely necessary.	0
Our proposed model is a modified version of a more detailed WHO ranking method, Health Research System Analysis.	1
The Nunnery, Old Castletown Road, Douglas, Isle of Man IM2 1QB, via United Kingdom	0
It provides a clear reference for Chinese scholars in future research hotspots, research directions, and international cooperation.	1
To provide more detailed and higher-quality topics, we pursue a supervised learning approach and have annotated over 3,200 articles with a set of 32 topics and 8 article types (Fig.	1
In addition, the analysis substantiates that the lexical component adopts the structure of the network rather than amplifies hidden structures of the link-based network.	1
Finally, a third domain, interpersonal intellectual virtues, emerged in our study.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
a Core countries are those appearing in the a The summary statistics for these variables are computed for the subsample of respondents with an international research network of at least 1 country.table; noncore are all others.	0
The RePEc database has evolved tremendously both with respect to quantity and quality over time.	1
Table 1 The top cited article each year in Irish Journal of Medical Science from 1916 to 2016	0
What remains unanswered, however, is what aspect of scientific eminence the “text-book approach” actually measures?	1
However, the quantity and quality of publications authored by French orthopedic and trauma surgeons outside their discipline have never been analyzed, nor has the change in the quality of orthopedics publications.	1
3 This issue arises with other citation-only metrics as well, such as the h-index.	0
Take computer science as an example: we find that SCCs containing two publications mutually citing each other (i.e., ) occur most frequently (1379 out of 1677 SCCs).	0
Moreover, we propose an intuitive method, in which monolingual (English) word vectors are generated after replacing English and Japanese terms in the documents with English descriptors in the thesaurus.	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Nevertheless, it provides a very interesting example of a new way to think about emergence.	1
Please cite this article in press as: Xin Z, et al.	0
The two metrics seem to measure different aspects of the impact of scholarly work and should be used in tandem for determining the reach of a scientific article.	1
Received October 17, 2011; revised January 24, 2012; accepted January 24, 2012	0
He is an IEEE Life Fellow and an associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Sustainable Computing.	0
A new method for the evaluation of this type of problems is presented here.	1
Although a few articles were published using this methodology in remote sensing research [15,18,19], to the best of our knowledge, this is the first one applied to health.	1
Finally we want to emphasize that, to the best of our knowledge, we are the first to provide such a deep topical analysis of a large corpus of machine learning literature over time in a long period and on the venue level.	1
3) It creates an original dataset with information on subscription prices, subscription quantities, APCs, and number of articles under subscription and OA options for hybrid journals across 11 major publishers.	1
Molecular biology and biochemistry both attempt to understand the physicochemical basis of life, but from different perspectives.	0
Motivated by these new challenges, this paper proposes a systematic methodology for topic analysis in scientific literature corpora to face the concerns of conducting post topic modeling analysis.	1
This paper used neural network technology to establish a method for recognising citations and built a database of citation mention times for 20 journals in 10 disciplines.	1
This study conducts a large-scale and cross-disciplinary longitudinal analysis of the evolution of Mendeley readership, examining approximately 3.4 million scholarly papers over an 8-year post-publication period.	1
I thank Stephan Bruns, Robert Costanza, Stefano DellaVigna, Shuang Liu, Chunbo Ma, John Pezzey, and Michael Ward for helpful comments and suggestions.	0
Her dissertation examines the impact of mixed race identities on racial minority political participation and attitudes.	0
The authors thank the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine (SAEM) Board of Directors for their support and guidance with this project and the overall advancement of academic emergency medicine.	0
One of our main findings is demonstrating a narrowing attention consisting of a shift towards the middle range of the P(Δr) distribution – towards literature older than ≈6 y (Δr) and less than ≈50 y old (Δr) – which has increased on average by 25% over the study period for the three subject areas.	1
The publisher shall not be liable for any loss, actions, claims, proceedings, demand, or costs or damages whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with or arising out of the use of this material.	0
Utilizing the legal constraints on university spending from an endowment we develop an instrumental variables approach.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there has been no study conducted yet focusing on English language usage pattern among mainland Chinese doctors.	1
The most important theoretical contribution of our research is, as we noted, two distinct analytical levels of these alternative fields of power.	1
The results need to be replicated for nonacademic PhDs, and persons in off-the-ladder appointments.	0
no affiliations with or involvement in any organization or entity with any financial interest or non-financial	0
Our study therefore provides the best answer of whether the quality of academic writing matters today.	1
It is an in-depth analysis of the annual citation structure and trend along with an inter-temporal analysis its focus and attempts to anticipate potential developments and new research paths.	1
Manuscript received 1 August 2005; final version received 26 April 2006.	0
We proposed the in-group approach to select and aggregate papers when applying h-index-based metrics for research groups to overcome such limitations.	1
2 Italian Institute of Technology (IIT), Via Morego 30, 16163 Genoa, Italy	0
4 Located in France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom.	0
The CTSA program contributes substantially to training the next generation of translational investigators.	1
Keywords: bibliometric counting methods, fractional counting, whole counting, scientometric indicator, CRIS	0
The authors acknowledge the Indiana University Pervasive Technology Institute for providing the High Performance Computing (Big Red 3, Karst, Carbonate) resources that have contributed to the research results reported within this article.	0
Moreover, we seek to contribute to valuation studies, “concerned with how value is produced, diffused, assessed, and institutionalised across a range of settings” (Lamont, 2012, p.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 10 times since 2015*	0
2014 ASIS&T Published online 10 April 2014 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Content from this work may be used under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 licence.	0
The core research objectives of this manuscript therefore are: 1.	1
CONTACT Philipp Korom philipp.korom@uni-graz.at Department of Sociology, University of Graz, Graz, 8010, Austria.	0
These findings must be interpreted cautiously, however, for the possible impact of other factors such as the growing competition for grants, changes in the university sector or rankings was not envisaged in this study (van den Besselaar, Heyman and Sandstr?m 2017; Sandstr?m and Van den Besselaar 2018).	0
The above papers on the axiomatization of the h-index use axioms that we do not find easy to interpret.	1
However, few studies have integrated forest management and wood use: Lun et al. (2012) presented a full forest carbon cycle, encompassing carbon stocks in pre-harvest plantations and wood products harvested in China.	1
Although the Walters (2015) study offered a unique perspective on evaluating SP in criminology and criminal justice it was limited by the fact that it failed to empirically evaluate the different integrated systems against outside criteria.	1
Haslam, Department of Psychology, University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3010, Australia.	0
In the event of absolute agreement, the points would form a line at a 45-degree angle.	0
Hence, they are inadequate to show a holistic picture of big data research trends.	1
This fills a significant gap in the literature, given the importance that policies to improve connections to star scientists (including but not limited to star recruitment policies) play in the policy mix of smaller national and regional economies.	1
Yet we have an intuitive sense that somehow they will not.	0
This result is surprising in light of the argument that several fundamental characteristics of LSRFs could be expected to neutralize these restraints.	1
(Climate Change & Energy, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, Sustainability and, Social Media & Internet of Things).	1
Best ranking Iranian Medical academic library based on SEO components accessible to administrators according to SEO P Timer, Oct 10-20,2020.	0
In this sense, our study presents a picture of the processes and strategies employed by individual researchers as they seek to negotiate a fickle research climate.	1
We constructed a novel dataset that overlaps all the EPSRC applications, funded or not funded, with the calendar census of all the engineering departments of 40 major UK universities between 1991 and 2007 (Banal-Esta?ol et al., 2015).	1
Journals were assigned fields and subfields using the classification used by the National Science Foundation in the Science and Engineering Indicators.	0
The medians calculated for each journal are also listed in Table 1.	0
Facultad de Filosofía y Letras, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Ciudad Universitaria, México, D.F (México)	0
This is an open-access article, free of all copyright, and may be freely reproduced, distributed, transmitted, modified, built upon, or otherwise used by anyone for any lawful purpose.	0
In processing the questionnaire, the journal titles are replaced with the rank of SJR (Scimago Journal & Country Rank).	0
In general, the greater the number of hits found in HTS, the higher the h-index.	0
However, we deviate from prior studies in the following ways: c) neuroscience may be considered the most influential trend, d) trends exhibit more stability and dispersion than previously assumed, and e) relative stability is observed in psychological studies over the past four decades.	1
Our study is the first we know of that compares the relative effect of academic rank and institutional affiliation.	1
Assuming all indices are equally important, the 27 selected journals were finally ranked based on their arithmetic mean scores of all rankings in all seven indices, which are described as follows:	0
To further ensure data quality, I tested the reliability of the material by sampling one third of the articles and manually reviewed the list of previous publications that had been attributed to the authors.	0
Conflicts of Interest and Source of Funding: We have no conflicts of interest to report.	0
Department of Library and Information Science, Carlos III University of Madrid (UC3M), Getafe, Spain	0
Creswell is an associate professor in the Department of Educational Adminis- tration at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.	0
Received: 4 April 2014/Accepted: 4 December 2014/Published online: 12 December 2014	0
Division of Health Sciences, Warwick Medical School, University of Warwick, CV4 7AL, Coventry, UK	0
Lotka added "Thus, according to the inverse square law, the proportion of all contributors who contribute a single item should be just over 60 percent.	0
We believe that this provides an objective platform to provide the feedback we are looking for that does not rely on opinion rankings or productivity of graduating residents in practice.	1
In this paper we introduce a new measure that takes different attributes into account in the process of evaluating researcher's output quality.	1
Our study revealed that bibliometric analysis could be a very useful tool for snapshooting a research field by producing an excellent starting point for integrative literature reviews.	1
Although earlier studies have evaluated the contributions of particular authors, as well as the contributions of the departments, no previous investigation has compared the contributions of individuals, departments, and countries worldwide through seven STEM library science journals.	1
From the Department of Pediatrics, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, Los Angeles, CA; and the Department of Emergency Medicine, Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, CA.	0
Extending the first name database is one contribution of this study.	1
While the acceptance and appearance of a work are culminating events for authors, certainly for most the meaning of publication is not in the physical event.	0
Using co-authored publications indexed in Clarivate Analytics's Web of Science Core Collection we develop novel weighted and unweighted centrality measures to quantify China's emerging role in the global scientific research network.	1
We tested for and found no evidence of statistical differences across the blocks.	0
The profile of each individual was downloaded from the institution website after using a web search powered by Google Search.	0
1 College of Dance, Taipei National University of the Arts, Peito, Taipei 11201, Taiwan	0
Note: The symbols * and ** report significance levels of 1 % and 5 %, respectively, T-statistics are shown in [ ].	0
This study provides the most up-to-date analysis of the changes of JONM publication characteristics from 1993 to 2018.	1
This research serves as a framework to strengthen existing research lines and develop new ones, establishing synergistic relationships that were not visible without the science map.	1
I have argued that research practices related to collaboration and co-authorship are also important factors in understanding the growth of knowledge in chemistry.	1
Received 26 November 2020; Received in revised form 27 January 2021; Accepted 28 January 2021	0
Perhaps, the greatest challenges, though, lie in difficulties inherent in interpreting the results.	0
The complete list is accessible at http://cercauniversita.cineca.it/php5/settori/index.php, last accessed on June 13, 2013.	0
1 Evolution in the average number of authors for the oldest CS areas	0
Attending the 11th session, now ended, are, left to right, Clifford D.	0
We hypothesize that since authors have easier access to OA journals, the difference in the increase ratio for the metrics showing the effect of journals (SJR, JIF etc.) by the years are likely to be higher than the SA journals.	1
Summers is an Associate Professor, Brady Williams is an alumnus, and David A.	0
The authors of this review identified the top 100 most cited pediatric articles since 1945, and found a different and perhaps surprising answer.	1
The R-L relation for seven journals with high Impact Factors in general medicine.	0
This limitation calls for a more thorough approach to this critical information retrieval task: overlooking published evidence translates into partial and even inaccurate systematic reviews on health-related issues, for instance.	1
From a governance perspective, this conceptualization provides distinct rationales for policy interven- tions in relation to interdisciplinarity in research, science and society.	1
Therefore, the implications of this study needs to be discussed with caution.	0
To date, this model remains the only theory in existence for the relationship between research quality and group size.	1
The launch of CIUP ignites our interests of mapping an updated picture of Chinese journals by focusing on the supported versus unsupported Chinese journals in terms of their respective positions in the international scholarly community and to assess the rationality of CIUP in selecting journals of better performance in the international community.	1
This article describes and shows some initial results of these new contributions to inform other academic institutions developing policies that incorporate ECRs within their multidisciplinary networks.	1
In contrast to the static analyses employed in previous studies on dropout rates, our research introduced intergenerational relationships between dropout rates and scholars' scientific performance.	1
In Path analysis, a new quantitative analysis technique is devised to gain more insight about the paradigm shift and the identification its pivot.	1
Even though order-effect bias was discovered over half a century ago (Ferber, 1952), despite a few notable exceptions (e.g., see Diaz, Black, & Rabianski, 1996), it is rarely addressed in journal ranking surveys.	1
Based on algorithm entities, our research provides a comprehensive methodology that spans from entity extraction to network construction and then impact evaluation, which is different from traditional counting methods and allows for distinguishing the roles of algorithms within a group.	1
The present study was not a subject of review by the Institutional Review Board because it did not include human subjects, materials, or data.	0
This study is supported by the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) “Appel à Projets Nouveaux (APN)” program, and by the French Research Ministry “Action Concertée Incitative (ACI)” Program.	0
In this particular study, analyzing the intellectual landscape of a specific scientific field, we decided that extra pre- processing was not worthwhile.	0
This leads to the proposal of an alternative approach to assessing universities.	1
Figure 42: Social scientists' concerns regarding social media usage for work purposes (service- specific)	0
An integrated theory, the new-methods-drive-science theory, is outlined that explains how we create new scientific ideas and breakthroughs by developing new methods and instruments.	1
UN = United Nations; OECD = Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development; EU = European Union.	0
In medicine this may be due to the small number of cases.	0
But, this study paints a holistic picture not only of researchers’ opinions about OA but also of how the possibility of an all-OA future shapes the perceived value of this publishing model.	1
In this article, we propose a model-free approach for estimating citation ageing functions which combines quantile regression with a non-parametric specification able to capture citation inflation.	1
This paradigm then leads to a trinity of energy like terms (Prathap 2011a, b, c):	0
A detailed description of these indicators is provided in the text.	0
Notes: Titles = the total number of journal titles; Articles = the total number of articles; Mean Articles = the mean number of articles in a journal.	0
Despite the significant impact of pharmaceutical innovations on healthcare, our understanding is still limited because previous studies explored only a few cases and largely came from a linear perspective.	1
Tel.: +1 301 654 2512; Fax: +1 410 685 5278; E-mail: tcarpenter@niso.org	0
CMRO peer reviewers on this manuscript have no relevant financial or other relationships to disclose.	0
These generic features suggest fundamental underlying rules relating combinations of prior work to the highest-impact science.	1
More precisely, we look at the rank-size plot, given by the logarithm of the number of citations received as a function of the rank of the paper.	0
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting galley proof before it is published in its final citable form.	0
This actor may be a journal, a person, a country, a university, a field, or another.	0
The average of the shortest distances between the Biology groups and panel members is 0.006.	0
But another article section can also hold clues to publishing fraud: the bibliography.	1
Keywords: Open Science; Open Scientific Knowl- edge; Social Agents Open Participation; Open Dia- logue with Other Knowledge Systems	0
The strength of WebQEM is using a quantitative method for assessing the quality of web sites and using a systematic and stepwise manner for evaluating web sites.	1
The increase in authorship collaboration is in accordance with results by Lipetz (1999) who found that the number of multi-author articles in one IS journal have been increasing each decade since 1970.	0
A preliminary version of this study was presented at a poster session at the 21st International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators.	0
This means that we have different citation windows depending on the year of publication.	0
c) the proportionate first cell frequency and the mean in the sample.	0
It is also apparent that the largest fraction of points above the straight line, indicating a large h index for a given Np, correspond to G2 and G3.	0
Third, it suggests another method of detecting communities; that is, through motifs.	1
1 Percentage and growth of output by type of collaboration and its impact	0
As such, research into how it might be improved is a logical undertaking.	0
However this paper is the first multidisciplinary study that includes all scientific disciplines, and that analyses this effect at journal level as well as at article level.	1
This paper proposes h?-index as an improvement of the h-index, a popular measurement for the research quality of academic researchers.	1
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
The results presented in this paper highlight the value of combining SNA analysis with interviews when studying CAN.	1
To the best of our knowledge, few papers consider citation preference in MPA.	1
It is important to observe that almost more than one thousand PhDs (about 44% of PhDs studied in this paper) do not have any relationship with other PhD	0
The tool being introduced here, RPYS i/o, differs from RPYS.exe and CRExplorer.exe in three key ways: (1) it exists online so that users can access interactively; (2) it runs both standard and Multi-RPYS analyses; and (3) it provides direct links to the papers cited via the digital objet identifier (DOI) or a search in Google Scholar.	1
Recent developments in scholarly communication call for revisiting the effect open access e-theses (OAETs) have on future publishing opportunities.	1
This paper uses data from 25 fields from 1996–2015 to compare national research impact with national research volume over 20 years to assess whether average research impact changes tend to associate with research volume changes.	1
Note that, due to indexing delay, it is likely that the results for recent years are incomplete.	0
The first two rows of Table 7 provide summary measures of performance for each measure.	0
This study is the first of its kind in surgical research, using network analysis and simulation modelling, to examine the impact of Brexit on a key area in which the UK is set to be a global leader.	1
In this paper, using bibliometric analysis and the case of nanotechnology, we draw attention to other less explicit, but nonetheless important, underpinning factors that frustrate successful implementation of science and technology policies and may weaken returns on research investment.	1
School of Political Science and Public Administration, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China	0
The literature on print and electronic monograph publishing in European languages is extensive; however, very few studies have been conducted on East Asian print and electronic monograph publishing.	1
Research evaluation refers to the evaluation of individual research instead of where it is published.	1
The online version of this article can be found at: http://csi.sagepub.com/content/62/5/666	0
The other was that we personally corrected text-matching errors of iThenticate? that misreads citations with other normal marks than double quotation marks as textual overlap.	1
To show who becomes a tenured professor in German political science, this study draws on a unique dataset of CV and publication data from virtually all academic political scientists in Germany.	1
The study hopes to heighten awareness of research being conducted in Asia and its contribution to a global knowledge base.	1
The present study provides further evidence of hijacked journal activity.	1
Our research team wrote a program to automatically parse the WoS data.	0
The results, not reported here but available from the authors, confirm our previous results where post-funding collaboration is a significant determinant of publication output even when funding is supposed to last after the funding.	0
Section 2.3 discusses trends in the average number of PI/co-PIs and their relationship to the funding of awards.	0
Thereby, the study enabled us to identify time-robust features of dynamic environments that provide insights as to the following aspects.	1
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
Acknowledgements The authors wish to thank the assistance from Hyo-Chan Park and Young-Suk Paek during data collection.	0
1 This 10% of researchers with a PhD are considered to be those more engaged in research.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Second, we reveal the most frequent co-word relationships: pairs, trios, quartets, and quintets of keywords that appeared most frequently in publications.	1
To sum up, it is clear that the political situation of the Arab world only explains in part the changes of research productivity and efficiency of Arab countries after 2011 and that the research policy and behaviour of Arab countries is more likely to be behind these variations.	1
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at Southern Illinois University Carbondale on June 3, 2015	0
We also tested the developed models with threshold of 0.90 to investigate whether our conclusions depend on the threshold value.	0
1 Paper presented at the Academic Section of the 53rd International Congress of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Tokyo September 10th 1993.	0
The findings have policy importance for multiple aspects of the evaluation of research.	1
Correspondence details for all authors: Faculty of Business and Management, Avenida Enrique Villegas Vélez, 2, 11002, Cádiz, Spain.	0
In this paper, we put forward a new method to explore the knowledge integration of CS by MI and its evolution from the perspective of hierarchy.	1
American Association for the Advancement of Science, 1426 Ridge Master Drive, State College, PA 16803, USA	0
Note that gender is not used as a predictor in the main analyses.	0
The two database-specific queries described in the next two sections were applied to gather the data.	0
For all data storage, statistics, and graphs we used Prism (GraphPad, Sorrento Valley, USA).	0
To the authors’ best knowledge, register variation between different types of published, professional original research articles has not been researched.	1
At the same time, a new literature knowledge convergence prediction model is proposed and applied to the solar energy field to predict the knowledge convergence trend.	1
TP Total number of articles, FP first authored articles, RP corresponding authored articles, SP single authored articles, N/A not available	0
Despite previous attempts to describe the thematic areas and the methodological approaches used on gifted education research (e.g.	1
You will now be asked a series of questions regarding some aspects of your work, specifically your current department or Faculty.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
We will frequently use these pairs or “dyads” rather than individuals as our unit of analysis in portraying Globenet as a network.	0
THIS ARTICLE PRESENTS a large-scale automated analysis of gender trends in the authorship of Computer Science literature.	1
Ranking of individuals by theoretical econometrics publications based on standardized page counts, 1989–2005	0
Furthermore, the study presents a framework that may be useful for the development of IRs in educational institutions of Pakistan as well as other countries with similar social and economic landscape.	1
Shimamura) who collected the data analyzed in this article, as well as Christi Coxsey's assistance in entering and organizing some of the data.	0
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
This study investigates the development of the BRICS countries in the domain of top-cited papers (top 10% and 1% most frequently cited papers) between 1990 and 2010.	1
Although it constituted one of the first extensive surveys in the field, the study presents a number of limitations.	1
The resulting historiograph is far too complex to be shown in a figure, but examination of the highly cited patents shows that one patent dominates, i.e.	0
We thank the dozens of administrators at participating universities who responded to our request for information on functional appointments of faculty.	0
Again, the effect of the interaction term is to change the sign of the estimated relationship between the number of citations received and the number of references used.	0
1 Comparing the number of references in theses from 2004 to those from 2010	0
This framework was replaced by the Research Excellence Framework in 2014.	0
In our case, in addition to compiling a greater number of articles, we want to place emphasis on two focus that ensure the rapid advancement of science: international collaborations (previously studied) and the availability of content in open access (a newer indicator in this type of study).	1
In order to fill this gap, the relationship between mean citation and number of co-authors is investigated for 20 social science disciplines for five different years, addressing the following research questions:	1
As will be shown in the section on results it has been replaced in terms of importance to the global plant molecular life science research community by Arabidopsis thaliana.	0
All code that was used to perform the analyses and to construct the figures is available on the Harvard Dataverse at https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/WCOINR.	0
The bars indicate the number of individuals rating the different motives according to their personal importance.	0
I'll try to offer in the rest of the paper an explanation of why co-authorship (in the sense of collective commitment to the claims of a paper, instead of separate assignments of epistemic responsibility to each different co-author) can be a rational strategy for scientists.	1
While this is the first attempt to identify predatory publications of orthodontic relevance, researchers in diverse biomedical fields have indirectly evaluated the diffusion of predatory publishing through information in available blacklists (e.g.	1
In this study, we compare 100 COVID-related articles published in four major psychological journals between 2020 and 2022 with 100 non-COVID articles from the same journal issues and 100 pre-COVID articles published between 2017 and 2019.	1
An event logic graph is a new evolutionary research tool developed on the basis of knowledge graphs in recent years.	1
The only reviewer of this article was the editor, who has therefore been included in this section.	0
P-score: a reputation bibliographic index that complements citation counts	1
The AIR was created with a desire to have a more graphically oriented product that would be less labor intensive to produce than RIRs.	1
Top results for the query "jew" at Google on May 8, 2004.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:277069 []	0
This provides an unparalleled opportunity to evaluate the contributions of exceptional scholars and their disciplines to the field of gerontology.	1
So this study is quite different from earlier efforts in terms of its scope & objectives and certainly unique in using a different set of indicators for scientometric analyzes.	1
This paper seeks to provide this global synthesis, through a bibliometric and bibliographic approach combined with a survey among actors of the energy research field and especially modelers.	1
The dominant orientation at foreign journals, to which the system of indicators of scientific effectiveness, proposed by the present-day administrators of Russian science, de facto leads, is a path to the stagnation and disappearance of domestic editions.	1
This problem has various solutions, for example, the multidimensional extensions proposed by García-Pérez (2012) or the g-index proposed by Egghe (2006), which can be defined as the average number g of citations to the g most-cited articles (Schreiber, 2010).	0
Funding: The first author was financially supported by the World Health Organization Regional Office for the Eastern Mediterranean, Cairo, Egypt.	0
Section 4 offers some concluding comments, discusses the robustness of the results using the multiplicative approach, and includes some suggestions for extensions.	0
A case study of two researchers who are using publication marketing tools confirmed that the article visibility will greatly improve the citation impact.	1
Algorithm metadata in sentence form and pseudo-code form (Guha & Koudas, 2002).	0
To explore the possible research fronts and emerging trends of technology foresight, through integrating co-occurrence of keywords and burst terms detection into an improved technique of co-word analysis based on the relevant literature in Web of Science is proposed.	1
We thank Claire Gonyo for her assistance in designing the interview protocol and conducting the interviews and Kristen Mills for her assistance with coding the interviews.	0
The results from this study help fill a gap in the extant literature about open access specific to faculty in LIS schools.	1
This paper develops a model of science and revisits this argument.	1
This was found to be true in a substantial percentage of the courses which are included in the Georgia Tech Program, but are also found in departments other than Information Science.	0
In contrast, our new methodology requires no upfront assumption as to whether a particular topic might be emergent or not.	1
New field entry (averages across researchers and years, by main discipline)	0
Effect of collaboration on quality and impact of papers (part I).	0
Edited by Yu Xie, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ; received March 30, 2023; accepted July 17, 2023	0
2ResearchGate unfortunately does not provide any overview of the number of upvotes obtained.	0
The same abbreviations of the variables are adopted in Tables 1–5.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (*):-, 2013	0
Using semi-structured interviews with Kenyan faculty, students and librarians and with Kenyan and non-Kenyan publishers, as well as secondary sources, this article examines perspectives often overlooked in this debate.	1
Hence, this research aims to address these gaps by identifying and integrating the common barriers from the current literature and then assessing their relevancy, strength, and sensitivity in the Indian context among a diverse set of faculty members from top B-schools in India using FAHP.	1
However, they provide only inconclusive findings due to their restricted scope.	1
Chairman Emeritus, Thomson ISI, 3501 Market Street, Philadelphia PA 19104, USA.	0
We undertook, to our knowledge, the first study to use research grant level data from one of the most important public sponsors of basic science, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, to investigate the role of public funding in China's rapid ascent in science.	1
This study makes a few theoretical and methodological contributions to the literature on academic ghostwriting.	1
This study is a first formal assessment of the involvement of interested parties in research to create value in society and develop positive impacts in the specific social contexts of policy making, civil society, and the business sector.	1
So, this study has been designed with the secondary aim of stimulating Italian -as well as other international- scientific communities in promoting similar investigations concerning the importance of collaboration and cross-fertilization for successful research activities.	1
I call contextualization the process of locating oneself or others in the “center” or the “periphery,” along with its implications for a given hierarchical position in the system of acknowledgment of science.	1
In Section 2, we provide materials and methods, i.e., the journal selection, the data collection and the equation designed to quantify how DSMJs contribute to JIFs and Immediacy Index scores.	0
We will discuss the definition of “information freshness” in detail in Section 4.3.	0
This study adds to the dialog of barriers to gold open access by exploring the voice of the LIS community and illustrating changes in interest over time.	1
* International: answers such as “worldwide”, “international”, and more than one country # Countries in SV2	0
This study focuses on early view, which is still a limited feature of contemporary scholarly communication.	1
The study reveals that instead of getting shorter, articles in these journals are getting longer over time.	1
Department of Economics and Statistics, University of Salerno, Via Ponte don Melillo 1, 84084 Fisciano, SA, Italy	0
Point estimates are depicted by the solid blue line and 95% confidence intervals are illustrated by the light blue area.	0
The Research Registry has established itself as a new registry with a clear focus on areas not well represented in existing registries.	1
However to the author's best knowledge, no previous study has been undertaken to determine abstract quality.	1
1 Top ten journals with the highest number of Twitter mentions	0
Note that several other indicators are considered including the total citations (TC) and h-index.	0
Based on this network, we propose a novel metric, namely the spatial research leadership rank, to identify the leading institutions while considering both the collaboration intensity and the spatial features.	1
The use of author-level data in predicting breakthrough publications expands upon more commonly used time-independent indicators such as impact factor.	1
This demonstrates that our network-based analysis can go beyond studies based on direct statistics using the number of citations or publications.	1
This study contributes two main findings for studies in the knowledge diffusion field.	1
A contribution of this study is that it enables us to understand more clearly the intentions of pre-service teachers to use AI in supporting inquiry-based teaching.	1
The authors wish to thank Stevan Harnad, Jason Millman, David Palermo, Paul Ross, William Wilson, and several anonymous reviewers for helpful comments on earlier drafts of this paper.	0
Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the International African Institute	0
We have considered two potential approaches of determining the match between research groups and expert panel members based on the journals in which they have published: distances (including confidence intervals) between barycenters on the map and distances (also including confidence intervals) between SAPVs.	1
Authors contributions All authors have substantial contributions to the conception of the work.	0
Verhoef is Professor of Marketing, Department of Mar- keting, Faculty of Economics, University of Groningen, the Netherlands (e-mail: p.c.verhoef@rug.nl).	0
In the light of the above timeline, the former date would seem much more plausible.	1
The article is broadly supportive of the aims and current implementations of such platforms, finding them a novel intervention which stands to help increase OA uptake, control costs of OA, lower administrative burden on researchers, and demonstrate funders' commitment to fostering open practices.	1
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Quantifying the substantive content of criminology allows us to empirically disentangle this network and analyze how the interplay of research topic and international context influences knowledge production in the study of crime.	1
The editors are only human and their decisions can be influenced by various factors.	0
This study contributes to this literature by studying references found in scientific papers in relation to the categories of the IMRaD structure of scientific papers (introduction, methods, results, and discussion).	1
In addition, by analyzing “pre-Nature” citations flows, we are able to assess the hypothesis that cover authors are ex ante different from non-cover authors.	1
In Brazil, however, considering the country's regional differences, the evolution and quantitative mapping of soil science research has never been carried out before.	1
The first two columns of Table 2 present the results of the logit regression on the probability to initiate a collaboration.	0
The Conclusions section offers some concluding comments and suggestions for future work.	0
We propose a framework for evaluating evaluation measures based on rankings of academic entities that are part of test data.	1
The powerful ISI search engine allows searches for all three indices: Science Citation Index, the Social Sciences Citation Index, and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index.	0
However, no previous study has examined this finding more carefully.	1
This is equivalent to the original definition by Egghe (2006) in terms of the sum of citations	0
Different from previous industry-academia collaboration studies which rely heavily on bibliometric indicators (Abramo et al., 2009; Butcher and Jeffrey, 2005; Lundberg et al., 2006; Rafols et al., 2014), this study emphasizes on the contents of research papers.	1
Specifically, to expand the scarce literature regarding the level of Open Access policies implementation and its interaction with other dimensions of Open Government initiatives.	1
The second section briefly reviews the rel- evant models used in the study.	0
* SU(subject) and TS(topic) are the field tags used by the CNKI and the WoS, respectively	0
A new family of research on journal rankings is based on the application of a multiple criteria approach used for the analysis.	1
This new indicator enriches the existing assessment framework and equips academia and policymakers with a more effective tool for identifying and tracking emerging research topics.	1
1 Institute for Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia	0
Here we show that if the editor is more biased than the manuscript's author then the author undertakes the type of revision that the editor prefers instead of following his or her own opinion.	1
This paper is a revised and expanded version of a paper entitled 'Evolution of regional scientific collaboration networks in nanoscience between China and the EU-15 member states' presented at 2012 R&D Management Conference, Grenoble Ecole de Management (GEM), France, May 2012.	0
This is somewhat a contrarian view; NSF's recent release of a new edition of Science and Engineering Indicators (NSB 2018) has resulted in many articles in the scientific press pointing with alarm at China's progress (Tollefson 2018).	1
we formalize the notion of level and scale of knowledge dynamics as complex systems,	1
This study was exempted from the approval of the institutional review board.	0
This enables us to show that more women in the science system not only bring about a "gain in justice", but also a concrete scientific benefit.	1
In ascertaining the effect of data retrieval methods, the authors proposed a new data retrieval method called Keyword-based Data Retrieval (KDR), which uses relevant keywords identified by independent experts to retrieve publications and their citations of the top 30 Asian universities in the Environment field from the entire Scopus database.	1
We find that the disciplinary proximity network constructed from these publications exhibits three clusters of disciplines which roughly capture the relative advantages of countries across the spectrum of economic wealth.	1
Results evidence that URL mentions can be used to gather all sorts of online impacts related to non-traditional research objects, like software, thus expanding the analytical scientometric toolset by incorporating a novel digital dimension.	1
Bevins also stated that during the period April 1946–July 1954 the Department had made grants totalling ￡1,621,700 to the universities for the construction of high-energy particle-accelerating machines for nuclear physics research, and that grants of ￡747,200 had so far been made for running costs during the period August 1952–July 1957.	0
The research carried out by the first author of this paper, Carmen Lopez-Illescas, is funded by a grant of the Ministry of Science & Education of Spain for the training of university teachers.	0
There has been a dearth research into this topic in the area of basic sciences; thus, there exists an urgent need to investigate such issues.	1
Therefore, well-conducted bibliometric studies can play a crucial role in advancing the field by providing comprehensive insights, facilitating scholarly discussions, identifying knowledge gaps, generating new research ideas, and showcasing their intended contributions to the field.	1
Usage of BioOne content is strictly limited to personal, educational, and non-commercial use.	0
Only the quotes used in this text were translated into English.	0
The authors wish to thank two anonymous reviewers for their thoughtful and positive suggestions made on a previous draft.	0
* Differences between mean of various group is statistically significant at the p < 0.1 level	0
Received 30 June 2023; Received in revised form 1 September 2023; Accepted 2 October 2023	0
However, no bibliometric analysis of top-cited or top Altmetric articles related to nuclear medicine (NM) has been reported, to our knowledge.	1
This study provides evidence that bibliometric methods can answer these and other important questions.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
However, this study provides new data which corroborates the argument that this is typically not what actually occurs in research institutions as shown, a higher degree of autonomy is associated with lower degrees of academia orientation; in other words, autonomous researchers do not tend to align their pursuits with those that are considered desirable by their institution or by their academic community.	1
Our goal was to use a data-driven approach to determine the factors that influence early citations of publications within the field of wildlife management based on a cohort of publications in The Journal of Wildlife Management (JWM) from 2011 to 2015.	1
The author wishes to thank James Medhurst for useful discussion on both the blogosphere and the case issue.	0
We take up the issue of organizational location, as yet unexamined by previous research.	1
Our findings debunk the widely held view that self-citations have little impact on the h-index (Engqvist and Frommen 2008) and may explain recent reports that papers (Sugimoto et al.	1
But why should we expect certain structural and processing characteristics of journals to be related to citation measures or journal quality?	0
The views presented here are those of the authors and are not necessarily those of the Commonwealth Fund or its directors, officers, or staff.	0
The rest of columns of Table 3 reflect the position that each top-20 journal has according to the alternative criteria.	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Table 1 Some research councils and agencies in France and their acronyms	0
This bibliometric study provides a demonstration for the worldwide research activity regarding khat.	1
This new formula improves the sensitivity to elementary transfers of the s measure.	1
A new quantitative method is introduced to analyze the collaboration among different organizations.	1
Second, our paper represents the first attempts to investigate complementarity and substitutability between research funding sources at the level of the single research output.	1
Data are the means ± standard deviations, except where otherwise indicated.	0
Figures in a graph format were introduced to present patterns visually (see Figure 1).	0
The new graphical representation can also be applied to other topics, such as teaching, technology transfer, or internationalization.	1
The model adopted in this work to understand the underlying collaboration system incorporates the strengths of collaborative coupling among the researchers.	1
More specifically, this paper argues that questionable motives for reference selection in the form of citing recent papers as show-off cannot be confirmed empirically in this study, indicating that bias caused by this questionable motive for reference selection is not detectable.	1
However, unlike in other areas of clinical medicine, there have been no analyses of the citation classics in clinical neurology or the most cited works or contributions in clinical neurology.	1
However, they assume their misinformed agents exit the network, rather than continuing to share information, which makes these models a poor fit to most real-world cases.	0
Notes: Top: density map of TCS; bottom: TCS nodes size (MCS cluster color: red: 1st quartile, orange: 2nd quartile, yellow: 3rd quartile and gray: 4th quartile)	0
1 Department of Public Health, Epidemiology and Health Economics, University of Liège, Liège, Belgium	0
Robert Davison, Malcolm Munro, and Ned Kock were reviewers for this paper.	0
This study analyzes the consistency of bibliometric indexes changes among excellent scholars in the field of computer science and further categorizes their growth patterns.	1
Although with these limitations, we hope that this first try to explore the usage patterns of WoS records would provide a new perspective to promote the research on usage metrics.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We then matched the AKs with the three channels for each paper, and calculated the ratio of the number of matched keywords to the number of AKs of the paper.	0
The outbreak of 2019 Novel Coronavirus, however, marks a unique milestone in this timeline.	1
Section 2 describes the sample construction and provides a sample and data overview.	0
Second, the method provides a hypothesis test for the existence of a hierarchical structure in the set of journals.	1
What and who do we measure (and assess), against what do we assess?	0
Finally, Van den Besselaar and Sandstr?m (2018) argue that the conclusions regarding the predictive model are too strong since the model fit is low.	0
These effects operate through the relationship between procedural justice and identification.	0
of Urology, New York, United States of America, 4University of Oxford, Nuffield Dept.	0
In order to understand how additivity is related to the measurement scales, we shall have to consider measurement theory.	0
We found this setting a fitting way to illustrate what being an academic could look like in a dystopian environment in the near future if the current development of relying increasingly on quantitative metrics continues.	1
The time series of the level of stock prices is displayed visually in Figure 2.	0
One limitation of this paper is that interruptions are not randomly assigned.	1
Received 23 February 2016; Received in revised form 19 September 2017; Accepted 22 September 2017	0
Acknowledgements This work is based on the research supported by the National Research Foundation (NRF) of South Africa (Grant No.	0
View the table of contents for this issue, or go to the journal homepage for more	0
We use conditions that are much simpler than the ones used in Marchant (2009a).	1
Very few efforts have been made to empirically and quantitatively measure the degree of interaction and strength of relationships between TM and other relevant disciplines.	1
The data in the plots are taken from the structure matrix.	0
The results of the analysis can be seen in Figure 2 and Table 1.	0
Along these lines, from a bibliometric point of view, the present research seeks to illustrate general viewpoints around the topic of active learning and its relationship with learning ecosystems by examining scientific contributions in Web of Science (WoS) in a novel and similar way with respect to how other educational topics have been developed [14–16], taking into consideration the excellent advantages in calculation algorithms and graphical representations of computer tools such as Biblioshiny and VosViewer.	1
Dr Chandrakanta Swain is the corresponding author and can be contacted at: ckswain1969@gmail.com	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
We thus made an attempt to solve the problem formulated by Rafols and Leydesdorff (2009) that none of the content-based or algorithmically generated classifications were sufficiently precise (cf.	1
The first quartile (Q?) is the middle number between the smallest number and the median of the data set.	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
This study provides the first overview of the MAJ's publication and citation trends as well as the evolution of its thematic structure.	1
Finally, the strategy used in this work, and the data revealed, could be used to understand the context of bioinformatics in other countries and give clues about aspects that favor its development.	1
The matrix for each city can be visualized as a trip flow diagram.	0
Table 1 Publication patterns of tenure system health sciences faculty by college over 15 years.	0
This new metric offers an improved frame of reference for comparing faculty performance in different research areas (with the exception of humanities).	1
1 presents the distribution of lifetime citations of sleepers and of papers in the reference groups.	0
We take a slightly different turn by incorporating the network churn literature, a relatively new trajectory that recognizes the role that individuals have in changing the micro-structure and composition of their networks to increase access to resources and productivity (Tasselli et al., 2015, Vissa, 2012; Vissa and Bhagavatula, 2012; Halgin and Borgatti, 2012).	1
of multi-authored paper; P=Author’s position in the by-line; LA = last author	0
A number of factors interact to discourage innovative thinking and risk-taking, from basic research to commercial applications.	1
In addition, previous studies examining factors of funding success [11–14] have not examined joint research as a factor for success.	1
Additionally the observation that certain data sets yield especially large deviations corroborates my assumption that there is a_bibliometrically meaningful difference between g and √S.	1
Hence, a fully automated, AI-based efficient tool is still missing in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic in order to optimize the access and the management of specific knowledge and research results.	1
(Note the scale change of the ordinate axis between the three graphs.)	0
This novel approach to publication favors multi-authored publications in an unusual way, by supporting publications that involve hundreds and thousands of authors.	1
Journals are sorted in alphabetical order with respect to the journal acronym	0
In other words, based on the concepts contained in the input article and additional articles, we actualize a relevant literature search that considers user intention by varying the degree of attention given to each concept and modifying the concept hierarchy graph.	1
The research output from EDCTP-funded research projects has a higher normalised citation impact for both HIV/AIDS and TB and more than 90% of the papers from EDCTP-funded projects are published in high impact journals (i.e.	1
Thus, the data we curated from the US News Global Ranking of Universities are similar to those from the SRC Subject Rankings 2022 (refs 1, 2).	1
We don't attempt to review this rich repertoire of issues, methods, and findings here, but note that others have compiled considerable knowledge (c.f., Rossini and Porter 1979; Porter 1983; Chubin et al.	0
Second, different from utilizing author-defined keywords in previous studies, this paper takes advantage of article information (title, abstract, and author-defined keywords) and online information platforms (Google Scholar, Google Trends, and ResearchGate) to generate five KP features via techniques of text mining and probabilistic topic models.	1
There however remain many unanswered questions and these investigations are part of an ongoing project aiming to research into the potential altmetrics offer as a new metric to measure research impact.	0
The new diversity indicator and RS diversity measure different features.	1
Taking IPM as an example we explain how to understand Table 3.	0
Science and Public Policy, volume 29, number 1, February 2002, pages 59-68, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England	0
The width of edges is proportional to the number of citations made between two journals.	0
Received March 7, 2002; revised April 23, 2002; accepted April 23, 2002	0
We offer the following definitions in order to clarify concepts used in this study.	0
The concept of the index has emerged from a perceived need to employ a quality related process in the appraisal of individual scientific achievements.	1
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/26649725	0
We aim to develop a new method for allocating research funding that can complement the traditional peer review-based system and other methods such as lotteries.	1
We provide a publicly available suite of web-based tools designed to the computation of the optimal set of manuscripts and the respective allocation fractions.	1
Fourth, I have demonstrated the applicability of fractional regression models, which are widely applied in econometrics, in the scientometric field.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the most comprehensive large-scale study of this kind in the field of mathematics.	1
These aspects place an additional layer of intellectual and financial taxation, not only on authors, their institutes and their funders, but also on taxpayers who may have funded such research, leading to a “pay to publish or per- ish" trend that might make academic publishing unsustainable (Al-Khatib and Teixeira da Silva 2017a).	0
The paper was prepared within the framework of the Higher School of Economics Basic Research Programme and funded by the Russian Academic Excellence Project “5–100”.	0
To submit an e-Letter on this article, click here or click on "Submit a response" in the right-hand menu under "Responses" in the online version of this article.	0
13th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems, CRIS2016, 9-11 June 2016, Scotland, UK	0
Received 3 June 2024; Received in revised form 24 September 2024; Accepted 24 September 2024	0
To produce an interpretable result we multiplied the production count by $100,000.	0
The following steps were taken to identify an earliest known existence date for each journal's affiliated Web site.	0
This increase correlates with the increasing number of authors (3.6 in 1985 to 7.1 in 2015, 97% increase) per manuscript.	0
In section 3 we discuss several rankings obtained by different methods.	0
Sy, MD, MBA, Division of Adult Neurology, Department of Neurosciences, College of Medicine and Philippine General Hospital, University of the Philippines Manila, Manila, Philippines.	0
Key words: R&D publications; bibliometric; international collaboration; citation impact; publication strategy; performance- based funding.	0
The author knew ETP, the author of the retracted manuscripts, as a friend and via scientific interactions, but has not interacted with him for at least the last decade.	0
Group 1 and 2 journals by number of corresponding authors in various publication strata.	0
In addition, three procedures for validation of co-citation networks are proposed and implemented.	1
Therefore, our study explores the perspectives of cohort holders and platform developers on credit for data sharing and aims to describe concerns on this issue in detail within the context of cohort research.	1
By drawing on bibliometric data, this study will hence add to our understanding of the level and nature of collaboration, including research performance of ASEAN countries in plant biotechnology.	1
The improved success rate of those orthopaedic faculty who have won OREF Career Development Grants, at a rate that is nearly triple the national average, points to the success of the OREF faculty grant programs in identifying promising scientists and supporting them as they establish their research careers.	1
The relationship between the bibliometric and altmetric analyses are basically consistent, therefore the two can prove/complement each other.	1
Coefficients can be interpreted relative to the omitted category of nonstars.	0
This article proposes a novel approach that leverages graph theory, machine learning, and graph embedding to evaluate research groups comprehensively.	1
While the discovery and indexing of content is the focus of this study, the open access movement has faced many challenges, from questions regarding the integrity and sustainability of various business and distribution models (e.g., "gold OA" versus "green OA"), as well as concerns about the rigor of OA peer review and overall quality of the research.	0
The study also expands upon the previous discussion of political science and sociology departments with additional data regarding Romanian marketing departments.	1
A screenshot of search results for the term “prevention” on CUSP.	0
I emphasize that my home institution is interested in diversity of publishing, as suggested by this list, which is used here merely as a model.	0
The article complies with the ethical standards of the Declaration of Helsinki.	0
Interestingly, the R&D expenditure in Greece both as percentage of GDP (from 0.58% in 2005 to 0.96% in 2015) and in absolute numbers (from 1.16 to 1.69 billion euros) increased during the financial crisis.	1
AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS Conceptualization: AJ, TH; Investigation and Case Comparison: AJ; Writing: AJ, TH.	0
However, the conclusions arrived at so far may complement prior review studies in some aspects.	1
Downloaded from ehp.sagepub.com at MCMASTER UNIV LIBRARY on March 17, 2015	0
This study fills a gap in the literature by focusing specifically on performance content in US institutional repositories.	1
2001; Todorovsky 1997, 2014)—but these are much rarer.	1
For details of the sample frame and operationalization of the categories, see Heinze et al.	0
This paper investigates the publishing and authorship practices of early career researchers (ECRs), the newest and biggest wave of scholarly researchers.	1
This illustrates that the newly introduced directed coauthorship network approach enables a more detailed interpretation of collaboration among scholars, which could be missed when solely relying on undirected networks.	1
None of the renowned ranking systems provide such a deeper insight into a particular discipline, though some of them do compute ranks at a broader subject level (such as CS as a whole).	1
An important contribution of this study was its integration of the concepts of capital and institutions into a coherent framework that analyzed an organizational field empirically.	1
These simple examples illustrate clearly, as was first stated in [48], that “one single impact measure might not be sufficient to describe citation characteristics of journals.”	1
The article establishes the need to consider multiple proxies for journal value in collection evaluation and encourages collaborative evaluation approaches.	1
...this article explores a management framework informed by scientometrics to help journals make a better service quality as well as a greater contribution to expanding the boundaries of knowledge.	1
The Editors' Network of the ESC provides a unique platform for devising editorial initiatives aimed to improve the scientific quality, and facilitate diffusion of the contents of NSCJs [1-5].	1
The protocol for the AEC-RECS relations can be found at https://wits.worldbank.org/GPTAD/PDF/annexes/ AEC_protocols.pdf.	0
While previous works have mainly focused on cross-sectional collaboration patterns, this work investigates scientific collaboration networks from scholars' local perspectives based on their academic ages.	1
* Corresponding author at: Institute for Advanced Social Studies (IESA-CSIC), Córdoba, Spain.	0
For the present study, we propose a new framework for detecting sentiments from a corpus of scholarly book reviews.	1
Therefore, it is novel in terms of its subject, analysis and results.	1
Received 25 July 2020; Received in revised form 18 September 2020; Accepted 22 September 2020	0
In this study we introduce DN as a new construct brining a new angle to the team science.	1
For successfully transforming such journals into open access, sixteen criteria for a goal-oriented, stepwise, sustainable, and fair transformation are suggested.	1
The observed patterns provided clues about how and why authors cited patents, which were addressed as an unanswered question in Gl?nzel and Meyer (2003).	1
We thank Andrea Bonaccorsi (University of Pisa) and Riccardo Fini (University of Bologna), who provided important considerations and discussions on this work.	0
The Lancet, Volume 351, Issue 9103, Pages 637–641, 28 February 1998	0
This practice, however sensible it might have been, is not scalable in today’s science except maybe for some smaller funding agencies.	0
See also SSCI, 1984 Annual, Guide and List of Source Publications (1980), 27.	0
There has been no single source of systematic advice on how to measure the scientific value of Indian journals.	1
Overall, our findings provide a first overview of the extent to which scholarly tweets are related to broader public engagement with science on Twitter, thereby paving the way towards the measurement of Twitter reception of science in a more interactive and comprehensive manner.	1
So why do we have to create a new indicator, the citation rhythm indicator R??	1
It was established by the Ministry of Education in 1999 with the aim of allowing universities to retain title to inventions resulting from government supported R&D and emphasizing the protection and commercialization of university intellectual properties (Ministry of Educations 1999).	0
Additionally, I wish to thank David Harrison, Sandra Waddock, and Beth Humberd who commented and provided advice on an early draft of this paper.	0
(c) Emerging or declining themes (3° quadrant—Q3): Low centrality and density.	0
Since the November 2011 elections, these competences have been the responsibility of the Ministry of Finance and Competitiveness.	0
In addition, this paper compared the most active categories in Web of Science worldwide with those of China.	1
We would like to thank the reviewers for their thoughtful comments and efforts towards improving our manuscript.	0
As such, our work contributes to the field of entitymetrics, informetrics and scientometrics by proposing a new approach based on citation sentences, which provides novel aspects compared to the conventional full-text approach.	1
Grouping historians by countries does not bring out any differences or common features.	0
We will discuss these in the order they are mentioned in the abstract, beginning with average numbers.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/371132550	0
This study investigated the collaboration of authors publishing in the field of e-learning and calculated the collaborative coefficient for the first time.	1
Wolf), so they should be considered together in relation to the CD, as eliminating just one of these authors would not disrupt network connectivity	0
Also, this study fills a knowledge gap by providing new perspectives on the motivations and constraints faced by Ghanaian researchers regarding open access (OA).	1
As a novel approach to analyze the bibliometric trends on IIP, in this study we aimed to combine bibliometric, Altmetric and LOE mapping analyses, implementing formal statistics to comprehensively explore the trends in the history of IIP and its research.	1
A novel intervention in this space is the creation of OA publishing platforms commissioned by funding organizations.	1
Our experiments show that our scientific production retrieval process when compared to other approaches in literature, is an innovative, scalable, and easy to apply framework.	1
We sincerely thank all the Malaysian-based researchers sampled for their precious time and valuable insights.	0
In conclusion, we suggest extending this current research in two potential ways.	0
The focus and nature of the current study did not warrant the presentation of the data using visual networks.	0
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank Ohid Yaqub, Josie Coburn, Tommaso Ciarli, and other participants in the 2023 Eu-SPRI Conference for their helpful comments and discussions.	0
This is a novel quantitative data analysis of Australian physician-researchers over more than two decades.	1
At present, only one previous study on bibliometric analysis has been performed relating to preeclampsia during recent two decades [7].	1
In our setting, the likelihood of treatment (i.e., receiving funding) is largely determined by the score of each proposal52,79.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:123756 []	0
It can thus be concluded that results of this study are consistent with previous studies, and that this study has further expanded and discovered other research dimensions, which increase the rich, existing knowledge of TE.	1
ScientoPy is the only tool in this list that allows us to find topics using the asterisk wildcard.	1
With symmetric maps the clouds of row and column points generated – strictly speaking – in different spaces can be compared (Greenacre, 1993).	0
2024 The Authors Health Information and Libraries Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Health Libraries Group.	0
It draws attention to how differently state-owned and non-state-owned businesses affect the effect of green investments, therefore influencing the debate on policy-making in sustainable finance.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
In such cases, the index underestimates the performances of researchers with a more selective publication strategy.	0
By doing this, we are able to determine the countries which are exporters of ideas.	1
The proportion of English-written papers should, therefore, be gradually increased with a view to eventually transforming JKAN into an international journal within a few years.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(0):1–18, 2019	0
Although, other studies have attempted to analyze the effects of funding programs with the help of control and treatment groups or with a before-after comparison, none of them have used DID estimation, which combines both treatment-control comparison and a before-after comparison to measure the effects of the treatment.	1
One exception was Advances in Consumer Research, which we included in both lists according to Zinkhan, Roth, and Saxton (1992).	0
Presentation Status: Presented as a Poster Presentation at The Combined Otolaryngology Spring Meetings; Boston, MA USA; May 3–7, 2023.	0
Secondly, we propose a novel approach to analyze researchers' scientific outcomes from a micro perspective without the aggregation of bibliometric data.	1
Received 4 October 2017; Received in revised form 27 July 2018; Accepted 27 July 2018	0
2013), our research brought a new perspective—collaboration—into the literature on research retraction and provided empirical evidence on the driving factors and the speed of retraction.	1
Rightly he emphasized at the outset that informal co-operation arising out of personal and informal contacts between individual scientists is of supreme importance and even in volume probably exceeds organized co-operation.	0
We are grateful to the anonymous referees for helpful comments on an earlier version of this article.	0
The current data provide confirmatory information on kinesiology scholar research influence from English-speaking countries, which can be used to supplement peer-evaluation of the research reports themselves.	1
La Revue canadienne des sciences de l'information et de bibliothéconomie, Vol.	0
This implies both challenges and opportunities for other countries at medium levels of development, which need to harness their capabilities to benefit from commercial opportunities through targeted investments and strategic collaborations (Kay and Shapira, 2009).	0
In this paper we presented a triangulation approach to mapping research fields.	1
This study proposes a scientific paper embedding method that reflects the core structure of scientific documents using both text and metadata.	1
These factors can be computed from the numbers in Table A2, but the more explicit table makes it easier.	0
A '?' indicates that the test has insufficient information to interpret the result.	0
Using two large datasets in which scientists have made qualitative assessments of scientific merit, we show that scientists are poor at judging scientific merit and the likely impact of a paper, and that their judgment is strongly influenced by the journal in which the paper is published.	1
These findings are in contradiction with (Wang et al.	1
To further explore how these two factors affects topic selection behavior, we propose a novel Q seashore walk model based on the interactive mechanism hypothesis.	1
This is another major departure from existing rankings.	1
In this work, we seek to integrate the important role of productivity into IRT modeling of researcher performance capacity (Forthmann & Doebler, 2021; Mutz & Daniel, 2018) by comparing the reliability of researcher performance capacity estimates across models: Model 1: an IRT model in which productivity is excluded as an item (i.e., a baseline model affected by size-dependence); Model 2: an IRT model in which raw productivity is included as a person covariate (i.e., a na?ve model that one might consider for comprehensiveness); Model 3: an IRT model in which log-transformed productivity (cf.	1
The distribution shows a steep descent in the first few ranks and becomes gentle as the ranks further increase.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2008 2061	0
In all, 11 models were calculated, one for raw citation data and one for field-normalized citation data (Table 4).	0
We further investigate publication quality as well as collaboration patterns of the US and Chinese LIS researchers using a number of indicators.	1
Recounting the outcomes of our team's nearly six-year journey through preprint publishing, we show evidence that preprinting research substantially benefits both early career and senior researchers in today's highly interdisciplinary chemical research.	1
Our empirical research suggests that cultivating interdisciplinarity is a process of building organizational arrangements where classification and management of knowledge, infrastructures, human resources, and financial and social capital need deliberate and holistic planning and action.	1
Our study covers a much longer time span than other studies14,25.	1
4 Nordic Institute for Studies in Innovation, Research and Education, Oslo, Norway	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 455 times since 2009*	0
In order to include this element in the ranking of cities we propose the scientific production ranking algorithm.	1
For each article selected, all parameters were normalized to standardize information collected in the fields: geographic origin of the article, number of institutions, type of study, topic of the study, and h-index of the corresponding author.	0
To implement the algorithm of selecting information sources proposed in paragraph 1, the principle of ranging the resulting list of references by the number of references to publications based on the study of the ACN is introduced.	1
This paper aims to advance our understanding of shared leadership in scientific teams.	1
Received October 9, 2017; revised July 18, 2018; accepted July 22, 2018	0
Although in-depth analyses require specialized software and advanced methodologies, some initial indicators can be developed using the analytical tools available in databases and provide useful information about a specific subject or research field.	1
See Supplementary Table 2 for the results with the inclusion of the outlier.	0
2 Scientometrics Office, Iran University of Science and Technology, Tehran, Iran	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2013	0
The approval decision is usually made within one to three days upon receiving the open access application, which is not a variable of relevance and is much shorter compared to the length of the reimbursement period.	0
The main addition was the proposal to add indicators to describe founding and fundamental research activities.	1
The number of publications in INSPEC and their average impact per institute and per year.	0
Our study provides a new method to understand the interactions among three actors: science, technology, and research policy, for discussing an innovation strategy.	1
Distribution of individual Web objects to all Web objects in percent: First harvest.	0
Krueger, MD, Orthopaedic Surgeon, Orthopaedic Surgery, Womack Army Medical Center, 2817 Reily Rd., Fort Bragg, NC 28310; e-mail: cak0705@gmail.com	0
This analysis provides results that give us a useful insight into the development of this field of research, revealing those scientific actors who have made the greatest contribution to its development: authors, institutions, sources, countries as well as documents and references.	1
In the next section, we first describe briefly the communication and collaboration patterns of each team, and then present the results of the quantitative analysis between communication and productivity.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 676 times since 2006*	0
There is little doubt that the trend toward OA is here to stay.	0
A novel machine-learning approach to measuring scientific knowledge flows using citation context analysis	1
We did attempt to obtain the reviews from the original submissions to the nine journals in question.	0
1 Tel.: +1 814 863 8636; fax: +1 814 865 3746.	0
The remaining document without references is shown on its own row in Table A1 for clarity as all methods predict at least one cited reference when the true value is zero.	0
(1) It establishes a new function for calculating the authors' expertise or relevance via citation paths.	1
In this article we detail the application of a wide portfolio of metrics to neurosurgeons working in the United Kingdom.	1
The current study proposes a more integral analysis of the metric indicators; where leadership is not considered with respect to the high values of each individual indicator, but in the high correlation that must exist between them.	1
3 Illustration of the methodology to obtain China's contributions in PubMed	0
We need to develop high-quality observatory of clinical trials based on data registered within clinical trials registries.	1
Our contribution provides a useful tool for bridging the existing gap in detecting the transition of knowledge between science and technology.	1
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2023, Vol.	0
The existing research has been based on work at a single (Dahlander and McFarland 2013) or pair of institutions (Sá 2008b) or as self-assessments by campus review committees (University of Wisconsin-Madison 2003).	1
One of the main advantages of our framework is the possibility of studying, at the same time, the networks of publications and funded research projects.	1
On behalf of: cilip Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
This study originally revealed the collaboration patterns and impact of NST during 2006-2015, and provided important information and prior collaborators for researchers and policy-makers.	1
One would expect that journals which publish a great number of articles each year would have increased likelihood of citations because of the larger pool of citable articles.	0
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
Extending the results of previous research, selecting the journal articles in both WoS and AL databases, and using the co-citation analysis method, this study has disclosed the research front and evolution of TE research topics in Taiwan and abroad to make up the methods used in and the results obtained from previous research.	1
Submitted December 9, 2018; revised March 26, 2019; accepted March 31, 2019	0
Our contribution is to provide evidence on the evolution of research in the accounting and finance discipline over time.	1
International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.	0
This paper thus complements other existing works in providing scholars with a retrospective on the discipline to better identify intellectual ties binding works, scholars and research issues.	1
This article will focus on examining metadata about items with 500+ authors, which will be referred to as mega-author items.	1
This study attempts to address two gaps in the literature on IDR: the lack of evidence for the growth of IDR, and the need for a straightforward method that is suitable for measuring trends.	1
The dummy variable for a region was set to 1 if the research output was in that region, 0 otherwise	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, there have been no prior studies that investigated the stability of Google Scholar coverage on a longitudinal basis.	1
As a result, 269 more responses (37% of total) were received, thus adding up to 415 responses, for a total response rate of 57.	0
This paper is the first attempt to establish benchmarks specifically for the tourism, hospitality and events fields.	1
Exactly 76 participants (all but 4 were students) took the study.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
*The authors wish to thank Ted Bergstrom, an anonymous referee, and the members of the Lafayette College NERDS seminar for helpful comments.	0
1 – Bibliographic coupling between the most productive and influential journals in innovation research.	0
We took only the average value from the graphical data for 1979-1989.	0
Each faculty member teaches a compulsory basic course on their research field which each student must take, and students can chose from a variety of elective courses for more advanced study on topics that interest them.	0
The height of a bar indicates the number of articles whose title similarity score falls into the corresponding bin.	0
the publishers had gone to some effort to correct the style	0
These dimensions of networks and practices offer a novel way to study diverse research field cases and how they design and conduct their research, particularly concerning collaborations and problem choices.	1
In the next definition we introduce our first approach to dynamising the indices h, k and g, and we denote these time-dependent indices as hT, kT and gT respectively.	1
1 Manchester Institute of Innovation Research, Alliance Manchester Business School, University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK	0
Table 1 Publication and citation counts of 10 most contributing authors	0
The Finnish SRC introduced a societal interaction plan (SIP) approach, which requires research consortia to consider societal interaction alongside research activities in a way that exceeds conventional research plans.	1
This paper offers a new direction for upcoming research to address the biases of discipline relationships based on citation data.	1
Our research extends previous studies of the performance of marketing academics in Australia and New Zealand (Razzaque and Wilkinson, 2007; Soutar, 2013).	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Dr Ailawadi has the following disclosures that do not pertain to this study: Consultant/Advisory Board: Med- tronic, Abbott, Edwards Lifesciences, Cephea; Speakers Bureau/Honoraria: Admedus.	0
What follows are some cases selected from these categories to elaborate the impact of self-citations.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly credited.	0
Received 18 August 2020; Received in revised form 26 March 2021; Accepted 5 May 2021	0
This research proposes a new approach that uses multiple full-text data to improve ABCA called enhanced author bibliographic coupling analysis.	1
= data are not available (e.g., the half-life is calculated only for those journals receiving more than 100 citations).	0
See also https://retractionwatch.com for a collection of retraction cases (Last Access July 2023).	0
The mention most typically occurs in the reference list of document B.	0
This is detailed in the section on analysing the subject clusters.	0
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
To understand citation patterns of second-act articles, we extend the existing single-peak citation model to include a second peak, allowing us to develop a second-act citation model.	1
Top 100 institutions and top 401-500 ones as ranked by CWTS Leiden ranking 2013, sorted by MNCS	0
Question asked: “The START programme strengthens the negotiating position of the START grantees towards their research institution regarding the shaping of the research conditions."	0
This corresponds to an error rate of 3.97% (or 96% correctly matched pairs).	0
Our data suggests that, in broad terms, supervisors are not significantly informing early career researchers' understandings of open access.	1
Ken Bollen, the late Rachel Rosenfeld, Gail Henderson, Ted Mouw, Peter Einaudi, anonymous reviewers, and several interviewees provided constructive criticism that substantially improved the article.	0
First, we improved SentiStrength, a sentiment analysis system, by incorporating new opinion-bearing words to update its lexicon to make it suitable for the assessment of the impact of tweets on scientific literature.	1
Hence, they tend not to use words that occur in the title as key words and vice versa.	0
The study fills the gap of the extant literature to compliment the assessment of the UK accounting and finance departments in RAEs.	1
Highlight with bold a few values to make evident big and small differences	0
This way of conceptualizing instruments and instrument design as an assemblage of features – is enabled by the affordance analysis offered above and summarized in Table 1.	1
The statistics reported here refer to papers which “report a discovery or invention” unless specified otherwise.	0
In general, evaluating the impact of scientific research involves describing the influence of research outputs in terms of the value and benefit to those for whom the research is targeted.	0
Table 2 Number of disciplines in which the countries have core membership	0
HATASHIMA et al.: AN “INTEREST” INDEX FOR WWW SERVERS AND CYBERRANKING	0
Note: The horizontal axis represents the citation time window and the vertical axis represents the correlation coefficients between the citation counts in each time window of 1–10 years and those in the citation time window of 31 years for the 14 subjects.	0
Our study is the first to state the order of such triangle: acknowledgement is significantly ahead of co-authorship and arguably occurs before citing behavior.	1
The increase in publications from mainland China lowers the probability of intentional alphabetical authorship in the natural science and technology subject categories that we examined.	1
Her academic interests included, among others, the theory of science and sport, cognitive sciences and methodological bases of social sciences.	0
Thomas Hugh Feeley (Ph.D., State University of New York at Buffalo) is Professor and Chair of the Department of Communication at the University at Buffalo (SUNY).	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Abstracts are excluded but book reviews or brief reports are not.	0
Due to the small number of records in the higher overlap levels, as an alterative way of looking at the data, the overlap levels were grouped in three ranges, with the nonoverlapping records grouped separately.	0
To be included in the table, the researchers have to be affiliated with European institutions as of June 1, 2009.	0
The following sections describe the characteristics of the three types of interorganizational competition to illustrate the position of the analytical method used in this study.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 11 times since 2019*	0
With JISTaP, KISTI can present a real example of an OA journal to the Korean scholarly journal publishers.	1
The complete coding scheme and the number of comments assigned per theme is available in Table S1 in the Supplementary Material.	0
Note that Web of Science in this paper refers to the database, also known as the Web of Science Core Collection, and not the Web of Science platform (formerly called Web of Knowledge) that includes other databases.	0
This research was supported in part by an appointment to the National Library of Medicine Associate Fellowship Program, sponsored by the National Library of Medicine and administered by the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education.	0
Keywords Co-citation analysis · Research leadership · National leadership · Paradigms · Accuracy · Map of science · Science map · Competencies	0
Thed van Leeuwen for the bibliometric data analysis in the chemistry research groups' performance study.	0
Conflict of interest All authors declare that there are no conflicts of interest pertaining to the current study.	0
In this paper, we focus on a particular criticism of BI, from former US lawmaker Lamar Smith (R-TX), who, in the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act, H.R.	1
They also serve to provide some insight into the relatively novel notion that multiple author affiliations may play a positive role in the production of high-impact science (Hottenrott & Lawson, 2017).	1
The remaining authors have no pertinent disclosures to report in relation to the content of this article.	0
These findings confirm and explain in part major scholarly works in these two journals and scientific research including scientometric publications, behavioral studies and political analyses.	1
Moreover, no citation classic has been performed in the field of interventional cardiology.	1
Owing to the major role for social media in the field of plastic surgery, we hypothesize that plastic surgery journals would have high AAS and that AAS would have a strong correlation with citation count.	1
The late Hariolf Grupp was at the University of Karlsruhe, Institute for Economic Policy Research (IWW), Post Box, 76128 Karlsruhe, Germany and at the Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research (Fraunhofer ISI), Breslauer Str.	0
The contribution of this work is the development of a patent mapping approach based on IPC categories that corrects this uneven patent distribution as explained below.	1
Note: Descriptive statistics of N = 336 German PhD-inventors patenting for 50 laser manufacturers (11 inventors patent for two firms).	0
In other words, we reshape the citation network of the focal paper by cutting edges from its citing papers directed to hot-spot papers.	1
We have conducted this study since none of these previous studies has specifically focussed on the chemical sciences and its sub-disciplines, none were so broad in scope as this, and we required analysis of our own publication metadata to understand the demographics of our Chemistry research community better and identify specific points of action relevant to us.	1
Here we consider a new role for the book review as a "megacitation," or quantitative quality-based measure for use in research evaluation procedures in fields across the humanities.	1
We recognised the importance of measuring not only the contribution of an institution's affiliated authors, but also measuring the contribution of its PhD graduates.	1
[ Table 1 — Number of journals and articles in SciELO collection by country]	0
It is an example of using a specific method of SNA for nursing research, as well as a new angle for nursing information analysis.	1
As no bibliometric investigations have yet explored global trends regarding immunonutrition and cancer, the aim of this study is to uncover essential insights into this dynamic and flourishing field over the past 25 years[22].	1
This work supported in part by NSF Grant IIS-0629454 (Learning Units on Law and Ethics in Software Engineering).	0
This study paid more attention to learning behaviours and verified the role of family socioeconomic status in academic help-seeking behaviours of college students, filling a research gap in this area.	1
To address these issues, we propose a renormalization factor R to diminish the inflation of metrics via high publication and coauthor rates.	1
In what we believe to be the first study of its kind, this analysis compiles a new dataset on, and examines the statistical connections between, the characteristics of incoming Chairs and the later productivity of economics departments.	1
We provide a first attempt to overcome current limitations of existing rankings by using an original and comprehensive database on European universities microdata integrated with bibliometric data on the scientific production, and by applying recently developed techniques in efficiency analysis.	1
We described the relationship between open access status and subsequent citations among articles published in 2017 in 4 major cardiovascular journals.	1
The following general picture emerged: most of the independent variables predicted the peer quality ratings, but none surpassed publication productivity in predictive strength; most independent variables were also correlated with publication productivity, so that they did not significantly improve the prediction by publi- cation productivity alone.	0
The ZINB model can not only predict the factors that influence Cited by Clin., but also analyze which factors affect Cited by Clin. value to be zero.	1
Received 17 October 2007; received in revised form 17 December 2007; accepted 3 January 2008	0
Maybe this is one of the reasons for the existence of so many poorly written hyperdocuments, lacking an well-organized structure.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Stephan acknowledges support from the International Centre for Economic Research, Turin, Italy.	0
Recibido el 22 de julio de 2019; aceptado el 30 de septiembre de 2019	0
I would like to thank Carl Elliott, Trisha Phillips, Robert Thompson, Greig Mulberry, the participants of the 2008 Mississippi Philosophical Association meeting, two anonymous reviews, and David Resnik for their valuable feedback.	0
Abbreviations DCCT, Diabetes Control and Complications Trial; ISI, Institute for Scientific Information; SCI, Science Citation Index	0
Articles published solely by academics are cited most frequently.	1
However, this study suggests that – while metrics are adopted to spur virtuous behaviours – if not properly designed they favour the diffusion of questionable practices instead.	1
The development of an author-level complementary metric could play a role in the process of academic promotion through objective evaluation of scholars' influence and impact.	1
While our renormalization framework introduces some complexity, it offers significant advantages by mitigating the risks associated with metric inflation via excessive and implausible rates of publication and new coauthors.	1
those measuring the share of a country's articles, citations, or highly-cited articles relative to the world total.	1
There is no idea, though ancient and absurd, that could not enhance our understanding (by P.	0
This empirical study aims to improve understanding of which index is best suited for co-authorship analysis.	1
What the present study offers is an account from the researchers themselves, specifically the CoE leaders, about how they view the effects of the Linnaeus scheme on their research, in terms of organizational structuring and pursuit of knowledge.	1
Our finding is different from those of some scholars who believe that OPR benefits papers' citations, and who believe that the more information contained in an article, the more likely to be cited.	1
Considering these tensions, we propose several implications for institutional policymaking, which speaks not only to China but also to other systems with incentive mechanisms that aim to stimulate research productivity via an increase in publication volume (Franzoni et al.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
Bibliometric analyses allow for the assessment of the scientific output of individual countries over time in an international comparison.	1
To date, university trustees have not been studied as a channel between academe and industry that enables scientific discovery, technology development and economic innovation.	1
Rather, we aim to expose the implicit problem of what we will call "allonymous science" in order to render the problem more explicit and allow a debate that includes those who operate on the boundary between the public and private spheres.	1
Response Options: Exactly the same 20 proposals, a difference of 1 proposal, [...], 20 completely different proposals.	0
However, it is easy to remove this artifact because the input files can be edited.	0
Continuous variables were summarised as mean and standard deviation (SD) for normally distributed variables, and median and interquartile range (IQR) in cases of non-normal distribution.	0
Our study shows that European IS scholars have largely adapted to new circumstances and requirements.	1
The purpose of the current study was to evaluate scientific productivity in orthopedics research using bibliometric methods to provide a general picture of orthopedic research for researchers and clinicians.	1
In particular, by cross-referencing pricing data with measures of impact and analysing their correlation over time, it tests suppositions about the effects of adopting commercial OA models.	1
Our study is one of the first to provide empirical evidence addressing this gap through a cross-country qualitative study.	1
Some error bars might not be visible due to their size being smaller than the symbol.	0
We would like to thank the referee and Lionel Nesta for their helpful comments.	0
Programs are blinded and coded only by region: NE, Northeast; SW, Southwest; MW, Midwest; and W, West.	0
Our use of an instrumental variable reinforces the causal effect of quality publications on changes in faculty salary.	1
The figure describes the processes for obtaining and cleaning the data.	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Even as we advance the frontiers of physics knowledge, our understanding of how this knowledge evolves remains at the descriptive levels of Popper and Kuhn.	1
The purpose of this study is to contribute to this corpus elucidating the processes and outcomes of peer review.	1
The example set by Englishmen has not been followed to the same extent in this country, and the industry, affected by the fall of one or two historic houses, has progressed but slowly.	0
Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the 14th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems, CRIS2018.	0
This research was sponsored by the Spanish Board for Science and Technology (MICINN) under grant TIN2010- 15157 co-financed with European FEDER funds.	0
This framework has interesting implications for the interpretation of the findings reported in the flurry of recent studies that measure the quantitative importance of human capital externalities.	1
Several authors [19–22] indicate that the AAI is an alternative journal ranking method to bibliometric indicators.	1
In the subsequent sections we will discuss the weighted h-index in the discrete case.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
The variegation of digital humanities stems from their disciplinary and institutional diversity and from their sundry engagements with information technology (Svensson, 2010).	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
For the purposes of this study these were considered 'Medical Informatics MeSH-indexed' (MI-MeSH) citations.	0
The workshop coined a new term: 'impactology' (the practice of assessing broader impacts, and the study of the practice of assessing broader impacts).	1
This situation was uncommon and did not greatly impact the document counts.	0
Figure 2 shows the number of times the library users selected unique journal titles.	0
Using the above findings, a more general and accurate model to predict the success in show business can be built.	1
In this paper we present a four decade study of eight engineering journals.	1
The uncitedness phenomenon was noticed in the 1960s, and Hamilton's seminal paper in 1991 on uncitedness provoked debate about uncited scientific work.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The Euclidean distance between one group's disciplinary structure in each year and the reference group's original structure in 1998.	0
Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Australian and New Zealand Marketing Academy.	0
By way of example, Figure 1, shows the relationship between these two variables for the year 2001.	0
This coefficient is constrained to be 1 to scale the latent variable (university structural commitment to IDR)	0
To the best of our understanding, there are no previous studies that analyze all the three forms—gold, green and black open access—of research articles, more so for a country like India.	1
We propose an unsupervised network community detection method based on GCN.	1
The results show that the geometric JIF is superior to the standard JIF in terms of stability.	1
It tries to identify the separate effect of access on citation into two major parts: early view and selection effect, managing to provide some evidence of the positive effect of both.	1
The revelation that OA disrupts the obsolete pure-subscription business model is an understated merit of OA.	1
Moreover, the costs associated with the acquisition of the software required are within reasonable reach of most universities.	0
Under the above framework, this paper aims to outline tentative answers to the following questions.	1
In our discussion, we take this a step further by suggesting that we should not only focus on how such policies may affect identities, but also consider what implications academic identities have for the intended outcomes of policy objectives.	1
The next several sections of my Response focus on varying interpretations of the overall results presented in the target article, namely, that across disciplines and type of submission (manuscript, grant) levels of interreferee agreement (corrected for chance) tend to be rather low (R; usually below .40).	0
More generally, this article shows how the study of scientific deviance can serve to bring to light symbolic hierarchies that are habitually kept tacit, thus serving as a magnifying glass for the scientific field's inner processes.	1
EMS papers and a discussion on the obtained results complete the paper.	0
A relevant result that has appeared in the study of this scaling is that one finds two different behaviors if one considers production with or without a quality metric.	1
This study is aimed to measure the accuracy of news mentions data in the altmetrics database, in order to inform the reliability and limitation of relevant news altmetrics studies.	1
(2004) 'The determinants of research output in academic biomedical laboratories', Int.	0
To the best of the researchers' knowledge, no study has investigated the interaction of the self-archived and Author-pays contributions within hybrid journals.	1
Wolff who contributed to the constitution of the ULP-BETA database in a context of collective work.	0
We complement prior work by moving beyond aggregate measures of DoL to show significant heterogeneity across individuals and activities.	1
Therefore, the current study has made an attempt to overcome the limitations of the prior studies.	1
SOURCE: Compiled from data in Journal Citation Reports, 1977, 1978, 1979.	0
Qualitative Analysis of Faculty Opinions on and Perceptions of Research Impact Metrics 903	0
The work makes a valuable contribution to the development of the marketing discipline.	1
All countries indicated in the address field were taken into account.	0
Future research may focus on developing improved approaches for assessing books.	1
Our study was carried out in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and we declare that it complies with the ethical standards of the Republic of Turkey.	0
This represents the primary UK study to report the relative academic output of a cohort of general surgeons measured with the full raft of contemporary bibliometrics.	1
Each tick on the y-axis represents 1 unit, with tick labels omitted for clarity.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Nonacademics, however, may have an incentive to co-author work with academics given the "insider" position of academics.	0
In this paper, we introduce a new measure for evaluating and characterizing the scientific output of a researcher over time.	1
The main finding is that the research capacity is basic requirement to increase the modified impact factor and the main factors influencing research performance through IJR are the network size and the number of contact in this research.	1
This paper is a positive attempt to expand bibliometric methods to the field of patent literature and hopes that patent coupling will eventually become a mature method like bibliographic coupling and be widely used.	1
Although no studies appear to have included North American library science journals, a recent study of library science journals in Taiwan examined 622 quotations from 111 articles and found an error rate of almost 14 percent.	1
Data availability statement: The research data is made available as open data through Zenodo and can be downloaded from https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7305477	0
We test whether scholars react to alphabetical discrimination for Economics as well as for Finance, where such discrimination has hitherto not been analyzed.	1
Note: R, values are all statistically significant at beyond the .01 level.	0
Number of published articles per year from 1994 to 2008, total, and of the five most productive countries on the topic "Adriatic" (top), with the percentage of countries over total "Adriatic" publications (bottom).	0
We thank Ronald Rousseau (KHBO, Belgium) for editorial help during the preparation of this article.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
In this article, we propose a novel idea of Reviewer Index (RI), Reviewer Index Directory (RID) and Global Reviewer Index Directory (GRID), which will strengthen science by focussing on the reviewer, as well as the author.	1
In this section, we discuss results obtained on a per-hypothesis basis.	0
To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to use this model specification in this strand of research.	1
The way forward in explaining global science is to acknowledge the (partial) autonomy of the global system and within that, its horizontal and vertical dimensions – to combine network theory with a theorisation of the hegemonic power that stratifies and excludes – while keeping open the potentials of multipolarity.	1
In this study we identified the most-cited HBO2 publications over the past 10 years, reviewed their characteristics, and analyzed the study focus to evaluate research trends.	1
Citation: Duin D, King D, van den Besselaar P (2012) Identifying Audiences of E-Infrastructures - Tools for Measuring Impact.	0
Access provided at 24 Nov 2019 16:37 GMT from Reading University (+1 other institution account)	0
This could be because most retractions refer to misconduct and are used as an indicator of bad scientific practices.	0
Figure 2 shows our adoption of the Leydesdorff diagram to the situation in Finland, Hungary and Portugal in 1983, 1993 and 2003.	0
We have also provided five propositions for future application and empirical testing, which are based on prior theory, empirical studies, and our own findings presented here.	1
Presented at the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine Annual Meeting, San Diego, CA, May 2015.	0
On average, each paper in these two sets cited about 18 or 19 references, respectively.	0
b Rennes School of Business, 2 rue Robert d'Arbrissel, 35065 Rennes, France.	0
Second, the citation counts for the selected papers were retrieved from Web of Science to assess a possible gender difference in scholarly impact postpublication.	1
This study is significant because it provides a current overview of scientific production in dentistry at a university that did not appear in the Scimago ranking in 2022.	1
The apparent inequality between disciplines unveiled in our study offers a new perspective to argue against the use of quartile metrics, at least in a straightforward manner, when evaluating performance and shaping science policies.	1
In sum, with the 17 swan groups in physics and the 11 swan groups in economics, we now present the three types in Table 2.	0
Received: 10 November 2023 / Accepted: 22 March 2024 / Published online: 29 April 2024	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):-, 2015	0
Center for Polymer Studies and Department of Physics, Boston University, Boston, Massachusetts 02215, USA	0
Ignacio Giménez-Nadal for their help in some aspects of the data treatment and visualization.	0
His residency was interrupted when he enlisted in the US National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland from 1960 to 1962 where he conducted research on artificial blood substitutes that could be stored for a long time.	0
The aim of this paper is to broaden the scope of debate with some data from the Czech Republic, based on a relatively extensive survey conducted in 2014 and comprising both editors and authors of scholarly texts.	1
Our study, being the most recent investigation in this area, aimed to explore the factors that influence citation rates, Mendeley reads, and Scopus view counts for dental implant RCTs published in high-impact factor journals.	1
The findings may have also implications for altmetrics literature considering a complementary role of altmetrics for citation analysis.	1
Received 10 April 2020; Received in revised form 29 May 2021; Accepted 4 August 2021	0
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
The better the preprints' altmetrics and citations, the better the altmetrics and citations of the papers subsequently published in journals.	1
The purpose of this paper is to provide a comprehensive analysis of Slovenian research community in the time span 1970–2015 with focus to productivity, collaboration, internationality and interdisciplinarity of Slovenian researchers.	1
Daly is Team Leader, Access Services, University Library, University of Wollongong, Australia; e-mail: rdaly@uow.edu.au.	0
Yearly percentage of English documents among the first and last 100 ranked documents.	0
Author affiliation was obtained from the addresses provided under the articles in the publications.	0
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
Therefore, we also intend to study the citation situation of correction notices to explore the extent to which correction notices are disseminated.	1
A few studies (Cosentino 2010; Pantelidis 2010) have examined the social media activity of food service providers (e.g.	1
The Sextuple Helix may have massive potential for academic innovation policy research in the current economic context.	1
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	0
Second, this study sheds fresh light on the role of contextual information (i.e., authors and tags) in the evaluation of knowledge popularity.	1
This paper presents an optimization-based approach, demonstrating how one may derive consensus rankings from several individual ones.	1
Though most of the studies on gender and research publishing focused on productivity, some of them also looked if there exist some discipline preferences for women.	0
"If you don't know where you've come from, you don't know where you're going".	0
Table 9 lists the 10 individuals arranged in the order of the key centrality measures.	0
To summarize, by uncovering a unique mechanism of “stewardship of resources” (Klein et al., 2010; p.	1
Finally, this study specified how scientists' community norms of article sharing are formed by their personal norm (i.e.	1
See the more detailed theoretical paper on which this article is based, McCabe and Snyder (2004b), for a discussion of the role of this refinement.	0
Section 1.2 presents the main result and a limited empirical example contrasting the performance of E-index with h-index in the field of economics.	0
Neither patients nor public were involved in the development of this study protocol.	0
Note the distinction between the dataset's two time indexes: p(v) indexes the year the cited volume was published, while t indexes the year the citing article was published.	0
2012b), in this paper our target is to apply a novel methodology for benchmarking subject categories.	1
The central issue of this study is to investigate the characteristics of non-source items and the effect of their inclusion in bibliometric evaluations in the social sciences, specifically German political science publications.	1
Thus, this research distinguishes depth and breadth of published knowledge contributions, and provides new insights into how scientists' personal dispositions influence research processes and products.	1
It is probable that this combined analyses of topic modeling, co-authorship analysis, and co-citation analysis is also successful in the case of other papers with a similarly unusual annual citation profile.	1
This innovative approach featured the ability to use time-series data to compare the financial ratios of a single firm to a benchmark derived from similar firms, or to a benchmark of the industry average derived using cross-sectional data.	1
Based on a thorough investigation of these special cases we found that so-called authoritative citers play an important role in uniting the two different document types into a special citation chimera.	1
This approach provides a more comprehensive visualization of the results.	1
i An update to this article is included at the end	0
In addition to this, the Prestige of Journal (PoJ) for the evaluation of journals is also proposed.	1
Explore the research front of a specific research theme based on a novel technique of enhanced co-word analysis	1
Unless otherwise noted, differences between Mfemale and Mmale are significant at p < .01 [using Welch's (1947) t test].	0
There was also crossover interaction for professional age and gender, with women having lower h-indices in early career yet overtaking males later.	1
Lee Vucovich of UAB's Lister Hill Library of the Health Sciences and Ms.	0
1 Elapsed time from project initiation to publication of research results: a papers and b patents	0
Received: 15 July 2023 / Received in final form: 7 September 2023 / Accepted: 18 September 2023	0
Es importante tener en cuenta que las razones de esta tendencia pueden variar entre países y requerirían una investigación más específica.	0
This approach can help analyze the relationship between journal papers and patents more accurately.	1
Our findings describe medical students' perspective of the process of conducting research in Colombia and the outcomes of an organized group of them with regards of scientific publications.	1
Open Access Statement: This is an Open Access article distributed in accordance with the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0), which permits the non-commercial replication and distribution of the article with the strict proviso that no changes or edits are made and the original work is properly cited (including links to both the formal publication through the relevant DOI and the license).	0
For each subfield, the expected number of citations of a publication is also reported in the table.	0
Ethical approval Ethical approval was waived by the Institutional Review Board at Florida State University in view of the publicly available data used in the study.	0
We present a data-driven evaluation of the financial ramifications of gold OAP and provide evidence that gold OAP in mega-journals is biased toward Western industrialized countries.	1
Tel.: +41 44 632 48 25; fax: +41 44 632 12 83.	0
The authors are indebted to Ronald Rousseau and Liming Liang who provided valuable conference data to this study.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-015-1701-8) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
This study introduces the LDA topic model into the field of interdisciplinary research, promoting the application of machine learning and text analysis techniques in large-scale literature analysis.	1
For simiplicity in further discussions, informal communication will be understood to mean documented informal communication.	0
In this paper, we only selected basic research papers for measure- ment, and it is innovative and meaningful to investigate the clinical impact of basic medical research.	1
List of h index variants included in the meta-analysis, categorized by proposed advantages over the h index (see here).	0
In this case study, we hope to demonstrate new considerations needed to promote local journals.	1
Second, the delimitation of this study on 'higher education internationalization' has led to findings which complement and extend the previously mentioned scholars' work [33].	1
2 The Swedish Foundation for International Cooperation in Research and Higher Education.	0
Figure 3 Dot plot of the distribution of citations at various time points.	0
This research's main contribution is the inclusion of research topic, author sequence and role in the author list, and field-normalized journal impact simultaneously for scholar performance assessment.	1
However, for all subsequent analyses, the studies were dichotomized into industry-funded and unfunded studies to correlate the parameters, which may directly guide the industry's partnership motivations for financial investment.	0
The chart is ordered by the share of publications in German	0
This is a fortuitous result of two operations: the scheme of normalization adopted and the recursive improvement of the values in the vector.	1
Thus, it contributes in the current bibliometric academic discussion with a novel, empirically-based analysis on a country-level population for which empirical data remains scarce.	1
The current authors have created a new dataset extracted from SCImago Journal Rank that is richer and more up-to-date than the set used in the earlier study.	1
Also, few studies have been done on library SEO in Iran, So, this study compared analysis of Iranian Medical Academic libraries website from the perspective of components affecting Google SEO.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Finally, Section 5 will outlay the main conclusions reached and the limitations of the study, and will also propose new lines of research.	0
Accordingly, a mechanism for journal evaluation that goes beyond the impact factor was developed.	1
In conclusion, through the work of ASPHO, there is a better understanding of the current PHO provider workforce, the job responsibilities of the individual PHO physician, and the setting in which their work takes place.	1
Publisher’s note: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
More recently, we have developed a scientific quality index (SQI), a novel indicator of the scientific output of an individual researcher (Pluskiewicz and Drozdzowska 2017).	1
In this study, we extended previous research up to 2013 and investigates the features of financial crisis literature based on bibliometric methods...	1
aIncludes duplicates as some outputs are affiliated with multiple Russell Group universities	0
The views expressed in the article are the sole responsibility of the authors and in no way represent the view of the European Commission and its services.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this model is the first of its kind to take into account preferential attachment and aging to mimic real-world citation profiles.	1
He is currently involved in a project on the history of science and technology statistics (1950- 2000) from which a book is being written (Counting on Sci- ence: The History of Science and Technology Measurement).	0
Firstly, several empirical studies have focused on the geographical distribution of science, but evidence on the convergence in scientific production among a wide set of countries is scarce.	1
However, the existing research lacks a systematic review of the research in this field.	1
According to bibliometric analysis of CiteSpace and VOSviewer, this article has important innovations and breakthroughs in research methods and object selection, which can largely avoid the subjectivity of frontier research.	1
This content downloaded from 144.32.128.70 on Fri, 19 Feb 2016 19:47:49 UTC	0
The primary contribution of this paper is therefore an analysis of the sensitivity of the association between reviewing policy and prestige bias.	1
The Annals of Saudi Medicine is probably among the few to report on its experience with the publication of medical and scientific research.	1
This was verified independently by two researchers to ensure maximum validity.	0
In summary, the progressive time-series analyses we have used, with both network types, allows a detailed appreciation of not only the paths taken in the historical development of hydrogen research, but crucially, informs sensible expectation of the important directions ahead, for technology and international interactions.	1
However, award-winning refereed articles in AHRD have received very minimal attention in the literature despite the fact that this body of research can further help to assess the impact of scholarly contribution beyond our own academic discipline.	1
This paper aims to propose a new qualitative indicator for the evaluation of the productions of researchers in any discipline.	1
Our work contributes to the existing literature by broadening the field coverage examined.	1
Box 134, SE-221 00, Lund, Sweden; E-mail fredrik.astrom@lub.lu.se; and University of Technology, Sydney, P.O.	0
What is lacking is a measure of the attractiveness of an author in a complex temporal network, not only in terms of their connectedness with other actors but also in terms of their fitness.	1
This study offers a microscopic perspective for understanding the hierarchical structure and evolutionary characteristics of interdisciplinary knowledge interactions.	1
The authors wish to thank Paula Stephan and Francesco Lissoni for comments and suggestions.	0
This was also the case if we compared averages instead of medians.	0
As previously stated, PoP queries included citations to articles published between 2003 and 2007 in the 69 retained journals.	0
In conclusion, we applied a machine-learning approach to identify highly cited articles within the recent radiology literature, a unique approach compared to the manual methodology of existing studies on the topic.	1
Then the maximum value of these two attempts for each IRs/tool request is chosen.	0
This is important as it dispels an older view that because of Soviet isolation and lack of modern equipment and reagents, science in Russia had become largely theoretical in math and physics without strong empirical findings.	1
Received: 22 September 2023 / Accepted: 8 January 2024 / Published online: 23 January 2024	0
The goal of this study is to develop and test a method to detect patterns of potential reference list manipulation (RLM) by individual authors.	1
This content was downloaded from IP address 31.57.49.40 on 21/08/2019 at 06:10	0
We are extremely grateful to Marianne Bertrand, Berta Esteve-Volart, Dan Hamermesh, Eduardo Melero, Nic Morgan, Heidi Williams, and two anonymous referees, whose suggestions greatly improved our paper.	0
The collection of the details of the references was by no means a trivial task.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(1):22-33, 2012	0
In this article we study the health of software engineering conferences by means of a suite of metrics created for this purpose.	1
The use of an instrumental variable reconfirmed that the causal effect of international journal publications on a salary rise was positive and significant.	1
The present review successfully synthesizes the available literature, identifies gaps in knowledge that warrant further investigation, proposes methodological suggestions, and offers significant insights that can shape the direction of future research endeavours.	1
Figures in Table 2 represent the contributions of researchers as both first and joint authors and as total.	0
Another program was developed in Java to parse these records, and to store the resulting citation information such as titles, authors, publishing sources and years of both citing and cited documents in a data structure that was convenient for later data analysis such as counting citations using multiple methods.	0
Only the thematic networks of the most frequent themes are shown in Table 4.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Altmetrics offers new ways to assess the social impact of research (Piwowar 2013a, b), which attempt to capture research impact through non-traditional means (Priem et al.	1
The model, applied to the ESO case (N, = 6 reviewers per panel), predicts that the expected first and fourth-quartile panel agreement fraction is 55% ± 17% (95% confidence level).	1
This article provides some theoretical and practical implications for future research.	1
Thus, Section 2.1 will present these definitions, Section 2.2 will suggest new algorithms based on these definitions for distinguishing scientific production from scientific productivity, and Section 2.3 will suggest new algorithms for characterizing a PH.	0
This study investigates an aspect of collaboration that has been scarcely targeted up to now.	1
The founding dates of each top journal vary, resulting in different numbers of years counted.	0
For Swanson complementary literatures were found through title words in bibliographic records in MEDLINE (Swanson, 1998).	0
A high proportion of the articles (42.27 per cent) have at least one author who is not affiliated with a Malaysian institution; articles in national collaboration category account for 34.29 per cent of the sample, and 23.44 per cent were written by a single author.	0
Participants were asked to select the more deserving candidate and to rate the strength of their preference on a scale from 1 (barely preferred) to 7 (strongly preferred).	0
The message in Part 1, and its demonstration in this Part 2, are intended to argue that data should be made available in the public domain so that others can improve upon theory built based upon it.	1
Received 22 March 2024; Received in revised form 20 November 2024; Accepted 7 December 2024	0
Furthermore, Twitter has gained popularity among scholars and researchers for academic communication and has the potential to provide a new method for measuring research impact (Holmberg and Thelwall 2014).	0
An innovative statistical analysis, hierarchical partitioning, has been used because it enables us to reduce collinearity problems by determining and comparing the independent contribution of each factor.	1
Our study distinguishes itself by focusing on a few finer details of the publishing process.	1
The field of science of science can overcome this challenge by bringing together disparate evidence across many sub-fields studying science.	1
In physics, there are no references in Nobel lecture PDFs of Hugh David Politzer (2004) and Willard S.	0
In this work, we contribute to knowledge on this topic by analyzing the use of LinkedIn's SNS by PhD holders graduated from two European institutions: the Politecnico of Milan in Italy, and the école Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland.	1
Table 1 shows the number of degree programmes offered by each university, subdivided into the five main areas of education, as also the percentage of the total courses available.	0
As expected, there were large differences in the years from the establishment of the department of nursing (range: 9–60), the graduate schools (master's course) (range: 5–49), and the graduate schools (doctor's course) (range: 3-47), but a variation in the number of teachers among universities (range: 20–49) was more than expected.	0
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS: The authors would like to acknowledge the contributions made to the evolution of the SDD by WSU Libraries collection managers, Vicki Croft (Animal Health), Sarah French (Education) and Louis Vyhnanek (Humanities, Social Sciences and Business).	0
To the best of our knowledge, the correlation between traditional and alternative metrics has not been previously studied in the field of immunology journals.	1
A primary aim of this paper is to show that this naive approach is too simple and to suggest a superior one.	0
None of these charges author fees, operating on donated institutional support.	0
We conclude that the two notions of significance described by being a featured review article and being highly cited are distinct.	1
KEYWORDS: periodic table; Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev; Julius Lothar Meyer; Russian Chemical Society; social context of science	0
Therefore, it informs the policymakers about strategic capability positioning as they put together a plan to accumulate science targeted for use as preventive knowledge in the future.	1
1 Evolution in the number of documents in the area of Medicine.	0
This distinction is important to verify whether the external information provided by TodoBR can be used to improve the results.	0
Thus, the present study aimed to provide state-of-the-art information regarding the research progression, collaboration, intellectual structure, and trending research themes in the field, which can be useful for the related key stakeholders for policy making, funding, and future research agendas.	1
Received: 25 September 2021 / Accepted: 3 January 2022 / Published online: 21 February 2022	0
They are based on the continental and regional divisions used by the IHME.	0
The framework includes looking at changes in levels of interdisciplinarity, identification of core disciplines contributing to a chosen field (here BMB) knowledge base, and disciplinary emergence and potential disciplines for new interdisciplinarity relations.	1
(2006), does not accurately reflect the research productivity of the inter-disciplinary nature of the accounting and finance departments among UK HEIs.	1
The results point to Physical Sciences being consistently different for open peer review, with Social Sciences being partly different.	0
1 Throughout the study, we use research productivity and research performance interchangeably.	0
However, this study delves into fine-grained method entities to examine the evolution of research methods from a more microscopic perspective.	1
To the best of our knowledge, such analysis has been performed on Current Science, although the journal has attracted some attention recently.	1
As societal impact of research is uncertain, long term and always dependent on other factors, we argue here that evaluation should focus on the conditions under which societal impact is generated rather than on the impact itself.	1
Our study is, we believe, possibly the first specifically to make this connection.	1
5 Hiring by HEIs versus graduation of SNI members in SS	0
Address for correspondence Kiley Bernhard, MPH, Center for Urban Population Health, Aurora Sinai Medical Center, 1020 N.	0
Our findings on specific research assessment indicators provide an overview of the areas which have more importance on advancing science and those which, in turn weigh more on career advancement without necessarily helping to advance science.	1
Here, we address this question by applying the theory of honest signaling to the publication process.	1
In Figures 1 and 2, the impact scores of articles and letters in the Lancet and JAMA are presented.	0
All authors contributed critically to the drafts and gave final approval for publication.	0
The inclusion of 5 years' worth of data allowed a dynamic overview of fluctuating patterns, something that lacked in previous studies of this kind.	1
Keywords: research topic specialization; keyword network; research topic similarity; inter-university collaboration	0
searching and filtering process of the data in Scopus are shown in Fig.	0
'Obsolescence' and changes in the use of literature with time, Journal of Documentation 30 (3) (1974) 283-350.	0
An overlay method has been developed to compare, on the one hand, the patenting activity in Spain and the Basque Country and a display of the most important technology sectors and; on the other, the selection of a technology sector and an analysis of technology transfer in both regions through different IPCs to compare them and determine the possible technological sources remaining for development.	1
Overall, these results document that an early-career setback has powerful, opposing effects, hurting some careers, but also, quite surprisingly, strengthening outcomes for others.	1
The ideal faculty profile system would capture research-related information, including publications and scholarly activities; enable discovery of expertise; promote research networking; repurpose data for other online systems and interact with campus systems; and provide reporting, benchmarking, and measurements of research impacts.	1
P. M. Madsen is with the Marriott School of Management, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602 USA (e-mail: petermadsen@byu.edu).	0
To fill this gap, this study proposes a new framework to confirm the lead-lag relationship quantitatively between the intellectual structures identified by the research grant and the research paper from the perspective of the knowledge network, which not only considers the specific topic keywords, but also the links between them.	1
This study will help scholars and management practitioners interested in the intersection of text mining and management to quickly understand the latest advances in research.	1
Table 2 shows the top ten ranking Iranian medical sciences universities in terms of their scores on knowledge production.	0
Number of completed projects in Management Science from 2014 to 2018.	0
Thus, we manually gathered the missing data from the conference programs either stored on the conference websites or in corresponding PDF files.	0
This research will provide evidence based data and trends related to burnout in radiologists so that researchers can work on it further and develop preventive strategies to overcome this problem.	1
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank Wouter Jeuris and Mehmet Ali Abdulhayoglu, colleagues at ECOOM of KU Leuven for their assistance in preparing the data.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
In this Letter to the Editor, we present benchmarks which support the interpretation of performance differences.	1
For a discussion of some other indirect similarity measures, we refer to an earlier paper (Van Eck & Waltman, 2008).	0
We performed a scientometric analysis of 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' publications in Thomson Reuters Web of Science database, to identify patterns and trends and generate useful information for science and technology policy and decision-making in research funding.	1
In this article, we show how the Eigenfactor score, originally designed for ranking scholarly journals, can be adapted to rank the scholarly output of authors, institutions, and countries based on author-level citation data.	1
How did contributors mobilize social connections to reach the editors for favor seeking, and under what contexts?	0
We developed a new index (ASCR) to detect changes in the candidate's habits based on the difference between the Self Citation Rate (SCR) in the year preceding NSQ and that of the previous 10 years.	1
Our results show that also policy institutions, research funding bodies and dedicated promoters and organisations employ affective strategies or work affectively when governing research.	1
This investigation will identify whether lead articles can be used as signals of higher quality research.	1
The study was approved by human ethics committees by the university.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The results of this study confirm and challenge a number of assumptions about resources used by Spanish and Latin American literature scholars in their research, while also shedding additional light on the language-of-resource discussions that are of importance to librarians and scholars working in the humanities fields.	1
The details of this institutional body need not concern us here; the main point is that they are concerned with remedying the institutional shortcomings in e-science.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00-00, 2018	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/357224723	0
The listed small nations are those with fewer than 50 patents in the period and observed outwardness near predicted outwardness.	0
To cite this article: Siri Brorstad Borlaug & Liv Langfeldt (2019): One model fits all?	0
Table 1 Slovenian medical journals classified as to whether open access	0
Downloaded from jcn.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on April 10, 2015	0
Distribution of Cambodian scientific production in the top 20 productive Web of Science categories in the Science Citation Index Expanded.	0
Building on prior studies that found fundamental stylistic differences between article abstracts and other standard article sections (Hartley, Pennebaker, & Fox, 2003; Hartley, Trueman, & Meadows, 1988; Tenopir & Jasco, 1993), the present study also casts some serious doubt on the external validity and generalisability of abstract-based investigations of scientific writing.	1
Or simply the case in which a high number of citations is the result from a high number of publications, each with a small number of citations, not individually reflecting a significant impact (Hirsch 2005).	0
The findings of this study provided researchers with a panorama of global aquatic ecosystem research and established directions for further study.	1
Differently from common belief and initial evidence, the decrease in research output is not more severe for women than for men.	1
The analysis, in addition to some conventional bibliometric aspects covering publication outputs, cited publication, document type and language, journal distribution, author distribution, country distribution and institutes distribution, provided an in-depth research on author keywords analysis and keywords plus analysis, and systematically revealed the recent research status and developing trend of aquatic ecosystem research.	1
Robinson of the University of Granada Department of Translation and Interpreting revised the final version of the manuscript.	0
Triangulating evidence from different sources (ie, funder feedback and applicant perception of feedback) reduces bias and ensures that all perspectives are considered and applicable to National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) and more widely to other funding organisations.	1
(2013), a novelty of this study is to understand and predict the dynamics of a noncumulative impact index, citation counts received by future papers, for early-stage, mid-career, and senior researchers.	1
This study presents a novel binary citation classification model exploiting a list of potential natural language processing (NLP) based features.	1
We propose the concept of the citation cascade as an approach for analyzing the evolution and continuation of scientific impact, as well as a dimension for examining the inheritance and mutation of scientific knowledge from a structural perspective.	1
For instance, in the first cluster of Germany, Japan, and China, one can see three different orders of ranks: 2-3-4 (A); 4-2-3 (B; D); 3-2-4(C; E).	0
Based on our results, we suggest that any awareness tool about predatory journals should include the following: (1) clarification of the major differences between open access and subscription-based publishing; (2) a brief and concise definition of predatory journals; (3) consequences of publishing in such journals such as the inability to republish one's research after falling for a predatory journal; and (4) sufficient ways to discriminate between legitimate and illegitimate journals such as making sure the journal is indexed in a well-known indexing service, which can clarify the journal quality (DOAJ, Scopus, JCR), being suspicious of soliciting emails, and checking if the journal is included on a known predatory journals' list.	1
Now that our work has been placed in its proper context, we first note that we will focus on scientific fields instead of journals and articles.	0
To that effect, this paper seeks to apply a systemic approach for assessing the knowledge creation that takes place within a research program such as the NACP.	1
To date, the only published empirical work on editors' views on TR is that of Bruton and Rachal (2015), who used a mixed-methods study of questionnaires and follow-up interviews.	1
The Scree test plots factor eigenvalue (variance) versus factor number, and recommends that only those factors that extract substantive variance be retained.	0
The objective of the present study was to fill this gap.	1
We came to the conclusion that for a data set of these characteristics it is more powerful to use a BERT model, because it can benefit from a pre-training on a large corpus.	1
1Department of Endocrinology, Guang'anmen Hospital, China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences, Beijing, China	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 58(14):2167–2179, 2007	0
2014 ASIS&T Published online 8 April 2014 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
However, the longer the time series, the larger the chance of finding a good fit.	0
3 Based on our experience, they requires about 15–20 min for each error.	0
Received June 13, 2008; revised July 8, 2008; accepted July 9, 2008	0
In comparison to other measures, our measure showed a higher accuracy and reliability.	1
Domestic collaboration: All authors are from the same country, but from at least two different organizations.	0
Rather than a 'translational pipeline' from theory to clinical practice network analyses suggest a multidimensional translational network associated with depression, suggesting multi-pronged, interdisciplinary approaches may be useful in addressing observed 'breaks'.	1
1 Percent of every category in the contribution list in the three journals	0
Despite these limitations, this study raises a word of caution regarding the unprecedented large amount of published COVID-19 articles, the short editorial processing times, and, in many cases, the absence of a proper peer review, resulting in a fast-growing number of COVID-19 retractions and withdrawals.	1
The proposed SpatialLeaderRank is a general method that can be used to evaluate the leadership at the author and country levels.	1
The study adds insights on the use of the immediacy index as an alternative indicator to evaluate the short-term competitive advantage of co-authored papers concerning the number of citations they attract.	1
Only categories with a higher than 0.5 percentage points are displayed due to space constraints.	0
The ULAKBIM database does not allow to retrieve book references, which could not be included in this study.	0
To sum it up, there are three possible outcomes of the review process— REPORT, NO RESPONSE or REJECTION.	0
These clusters were compared with the knowledge clusters developed by Singh et al. (2020) for the entirety of TFSC journals, and four clusters unique to SIs were identified i.e.	1
This year represents an important moment in the history of RBMS and its affiliated professions.	0
In the total sample, most literatures were about cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA).	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The results of our research complement the findings of traditional content-based reviews and provide benefits for the development of the field of L&SCM education, including: a groundwork for future research through the acknowledgement of the most influential past scientific contributions; a clear representation of the flow of knowledge generation over time, allowing for clear identification of the evolution of the field of L&SCM education consistently with the evolution of L&SCM as a discipline; a quantitative literature-based detection of emerging topics that are under-represented and require additional investigation, and of the linkages among topics; an analysis of the field that does not rely on subjective criteria for selecting papers and on pre-defined coding schemes to classify research contributions, but that relies instead on objective measures and algorithms; an assistance for identifying areas that align with the evolving educational goals of L&SCM.	1
They may also include articles added for training purposes rather than exclusively papers that they intend to read.	0
This is a simple presentation of the researchers and their peers within the research area of the department, based on the citation frequency analysis.	0
A second contribution of our article is to shed light on how careers within science shape the allocation of credit.	1
In this work we propose an approach that is different from the output-oriented methodologies repeatedly found in the literature.	1
Received March 3, 2010; revised May 7, 2010; accepted May 7, 2010	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
In this article, we primarily conducted statistical analysis for the collaboration indexes of the six disciplines in business, established the collaboration network of the six disciplines, analyzed the fundamental features of the network, and characterized the current status and major modes of communications for collaboration among the scholars of the six disciplines in business.	1
This paper contributes to this task of understanding the unfolding of nanotechnology by developing a method to distinguish between different generations of nanotechnology research.	1
Based on these shared properties, this study contributes to the literature on innovation in BMA from a regional comparative standpoint (i.e., LATAM) by using Scopus.	1
An attempt was made to move beyond a bibliometric profile of collaboration to explore some of the issues raised by Bozeman et al.	1
It is proposed that within-university research activity assessments should be made based on the ratio of active researchers, namely.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there is no study trying to quantify authorship trends in the COVID-19 era.	1
This exercise is repeated for the seven mega institutions chosen for study.	0
See the Appendix for a full discussion of the statistical power of this testing procedure.	0
This study uses the new global patent map developed by Kay et al.	1
An understanding of these research aspects will provide crucial insights for engendering improved productivity in the technical institutions of higher learning.	1
Correspondence to Dr Nabil M Elkassabany, Anesthesiology & Critical Care, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; nabil.elkassabany@uphs.upenn.	0
Schematic representation of the discretizing of a continuous indicator in a given dimension	0
It is part of the Critical Events in Evolving Networks (CREEN) project.	0
Thus, this section is divided into three parts: (i) a description of the sample used to discover the HCP is provided, (ii) the HCP identification approach is presented, and (iii) the conceptual evolution and co-word analysis are described.	0
recently discovered an OA download (but not citation) advantage [20], and Gargouri et al.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Received: 18 July 2023 / Accepted: 19 February 2024 / Published online: 4 April 2024	0
We conclude this study in Section 5 with remarks for future research.	0
The findings of this research suggest that invitations to publish in unexpected fields can serve as a catalyst for critical reflection on the norms, practices, and values that broadly shape academic publishing and research.	1
Conflicts of Interest: The authors have declared no conflict of interest.	0
The proposed methodology can be applied to any enriched intra-institutional co-authorship network, i.e.	1
In addition, percent share of world research output was calculated for each year as follows:	0
Received 23 January 2023; Received in revised form 8 August 2023; Accepted 8 August 2023	0
This research was partially funded by the Spanish National Research Council under the project entitled “Generación de herramientas cienciométricas para el analisis de la colaboración científica" (Proyecto Intramural CSIC 2008101210).	0
To make this point we shall present recent situations where we introduced a socio-semantic framework to understand social cognition processes, detailing altogether the micro-, meso- and macro-level dynamics of socio-technical systems — focusing in particular on cases where the perspective is being enriched, sometimes even changed, by the introduction of a socio-semantic framework.	1
In what follows we also use the term “focal papers” to refer to the cited papers.	0
However, to our knowledge, composite indicators for different compensation degrees has not yet been adopted to evaluate university performance.	1
Departments of Neurological Surgery, 4Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, and Center for Skull Base and Pituitary Surgery, Rutgers New Jersey Medical School, Newark, New Jersey; 2Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Wayne State University School of Medicine, Detroit, Michigan; and Department of Neurosurgery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah	0
Masse, PhD, University of British Columbia, Department of Pediatrics, Centre for Community Child Health Research, L408, 4480 Oak Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6H 3V4, Canada.	0
We are grateful to Sidrah Abdul of ASTRO for technical assistance.	0
Figure 2 shows the basic idea of conference closure analysis both at individual and community levels.	0
Nevertheless, we acknowledge that the decision to focus entirely on journal articles is controversial.	0
The survey was anonymous to encourage candid comments on the journal.	0
This empirical evidence and the explanatory analysis is valuable information that can further the, hitherto mostly theoretical or descriptive, debate on academic misconduct.	1
It takes an integrated and fine-grained view of self-citations by examining them via multiple lenses polarity, density, and location of citations.	1
The Brazilian Journal of Medical and Biological Research is partially financed by	0
Adapted bibliometric indices appear to be equally valid measures of evaluating academic productivity, impact and reach.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Keywords: marine mammals; South America; bibliometric analysis; collaboration network; citations; research topics	0
Dianne Grigson is an evaluation consultant at Grayson Consultancy Services and Terry Stokes was formerly counsellor to the Australian Research Council, National Board of Employment, Education and Training, PO Box 9880, Canberra ACT, Australia 2601.	0
Moreover, the relevance of the different economic incentives has not been studied.	1
This descriptive citation category incorporates a literal fragment of the text in order to bolster the arguments of the citing author.	0
Because the overall data are too large to analyze fully, the paper selects 4 years of data: 2007, 2009, 2011, and 2013 to analyze the interdisciplinary topics.	0
This study contributes to the expansion of the idea of secondary social media metrics (Díaz-Faes et al., 2019) by presenting a large-scale and cross-disciplinary analysis of four types of user engagement (i.e., liking, retweeting, quoting, and replying) around scholarly tweets.	1
Bensman (2000) presented the thesis that the skewed distributions dominating library and information science are also inherent in many other biological and social phenom-	0
Density, on the other hand, measures the internal strength of the network.	0
The contribution of conference papers to the major citation indexes has not yet been well documented and this is the first topic addressed in this study.	1
A key issue when looking at citations is what to count.	0
Second, I show that male evaluators give higher scores to candidates who signal convincingly that they will complete their program quickly.	1
Acknowledgments: The CPHHD evaluation working group provided guidance for survey development and implementation and provided feedback and direction on the structure of the manuscript and early drafts.	0
Citation matrix (1), number of references (2), and rankings (7), (2), and (9) for Example 1, respectively.	0
There are further reasons for computer simulation that we will discuss later.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.	0
Leading journals by number of open source publications in our database.	0
For reasons of space, we leave the discussion of new forms of technical complementarity to a separate paper.	0
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
In this paper, we address this question by presenting a framework that compares two broadly defined research and publication strategies, which we will call “productivity-focused” and “impact-focused”.	0
To bridge this gap, the present study aims to conduct a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of Sci-Hub downloads by Egyptian researchers, providing localized insights into their behaviors and preferences when accessing scientific literature through the Sci-Hub platform.	1
My exemplar shows that agent-based models need not be restricted to the abstract and the apriori; they can also be informed by empirical data.	1
Visualizations conducted on large datasets (big data) offer exploratory information on the current state in a scientific field or discipline as well as indicate possible developments in the future.	1
The details of each model are reported in the following subsections.	0
The various buckets and transitions for this example are shown schematically in Figure 5.	0
Its spread has intensified under the current wave of globalization and the communications revolution and is a major policy concern for industrialized countries.2	0
With the continuous enrichment of geographic information from article metric data provided by some journals, e.g., The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM), we can explore the OA advantage from both the temporal and spatial perspectives.	1
☆The peer review process of this paper was handled by Vincent Larivière, Associate Editor of Journal of Informetrics.	0
The Institutional Review Board (IRB) at An-Najah National University does not require submission of an IRB application for such study.	0
Acknowledgements We thank the reviewers for their corrections and the suggestion to incorporate the length of the encyclicals into the study.	0
*** p < 0.01, ** p < 0.05, * p < 0.1	0
4 Proportions of each EU country's publications that involved collaborations with the UK and Germany	0
This could shed light on the methodological aspects of assessing the policy impact of research.	1
Others will be able to access the two datasets in the same manner as the authors and the authors did not have any special access privileges that others would not have.	0
Figure 1 | Projecting a paper citation relationship into a city-to-city citation network.	0
The present study is an examination of who cites potential predatory journals and potential poor scientific standards journals.	1
The main strength of our study lies in the complete evaluation of all corresponding authorship during 4 years in 2 journals that are the official journals of the 2 largest international organizations which address pelvic floor disorders.	1
The reader may wonder why a “manual validation" is performed in an approach proposed for "large scale" author name disambiguation.	0
This investigation both shows historically interesting aspects of the curare research as well as prognostic research aspects in general and specifically medical sciences, i.e.	1
Finally, we confirm that the Web of Science database search function for compound family names gives erroneous output which can disadvantage those academics with such family names.	1
The results indicate that, with the method proposed in this paper, it is possible to convert the citation counts of articles between Scopus and WoS.	1
Hazel Woodward, The International Serials Industry (Aldershot, Hampshire: Gower Publishing, 1993).	0
1 Distribution of the residuals of the tested models (upper frame: base model; bottom frame: alternative model)	0
In this article we have offered two alternative explanations.	1
12 See Huberman and Adamic (2004) and Mutschke (2004b) for first attempts in that direction.	0
To answer the questions, you can provide a rating that reflects your agreement or frequency of engaging in the described behavior.	0
Table 2: The Characteristics of the Medical Scientific Maps Drawn for 2003-2007	0
Typical examples would be regional journals with high acceptance rates, and editorial boards that have few leading researchers from top international institutions.	0
Park is Associate Librarian, Indiana University Libraries and Adjunct Assistant Professor, School of Library and Information Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA; e-mail: park@indiana.edu.	0
P. Edelman for his tenacious assistance in gathering the data, the Science Abstracts senior staff members Mr.	0
A number of related studies that have analyzed the hyperlink structure of the Web are useful, including those studies by Bray (1996); Larson (1996); Pirolli, Pitkow, and Rao (1996); Marchiori (1997); Dodge (1998); Gibson, Kleinberg, and Raghavan (1998); Clever Project (1999); Albert, Jeong, and Barabási (1999); Shiode and Dodge (1999); and Broder et al.	0
Our hypothesis is that private companies are gaining an increasingly prominent role in the research field, while academia is losing its predominance.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ccph20	0
Plain Language Summary Impact Factors (IFs) continue to be very frequently used to evaluate researchers' publication records.	0
This is similar to Business schools (74%) but higher than in Computer Science departments (58%).	0
One limitation is that Scopus is not expected to contain all important scholarly literature, which necessarily underestimates the true amount of citations among a set of journals-compared with biomedical-related disciplines, social science and humanities may still have an inequitable visibility in Scopus.	0
Moreover, we proved that the paper level credit diffusion is equivalent to the authorship level credit diffusion.	1
The symbol shapes indicate the actors' position: researcher (circle) and government or non-profit practitioner (triangle).	0
Received 19 December 2023; Received in revised form 1 April 2024; Accepted 7 May 2024	0
This does not alter the authors' adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on March 16, 2015	0
This requires having a broader concept of capitalism, one that does not primarily view capitalism as a system of circulation and accumulation of monetary value but rather as a specific cultural way of producing, attributing, and accumulating specific forms of worth, which can but need not be monetary.	1
There is in the first instance a core group of authors who have for some time been co-producing papers and reports with one another, and whose publications are highly cited within this literary domain.	1
Flowchart depicting the process of developing the sample for the current study.	0
Quotations such as "for a good review see reference" or "the procedure was performed as previously described" were classified as accurate.	0
what stands out in this comparison is that criteria related to social and cultural advancement as well as sustainability are less often considered.	1
6 See Mouritzen and Opstrup (2020: 25) for a very similar causal model.	0
However, this association has not been explored in the adult hip discipline.	1
Warwick Business School, University of Warwick and Department of Economics, Zeppelin University, Friedrichshafen, Germany	0
I will argue that this puzzle can be explained-in part-through a larger consideration of the history and structure of TrM as well as a subsequent consideration of how these elements brought about the epistemic particularities of the field.	1
As such, the exact extent and reasons for retracted publications in the medical imaging literature remain unknown.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
First, to our knowledge, it is the first bibliometric analysis of highly cited studies related to COVID-19.	1
3 Conditions for the IRS/DRS and agglomeration advantages/disadvantages in terms of cost and production functions are given in Sect.	0
*** p < .001, ** p < .01, * p < .05, ?	0
R. L. Dillon is with the McDonough School of Business, Georgetown University, Washington, DC 20057 USA (e-mail: rld9@georgetown.edu).	0
The following are recommendations for other award committees from our experience:	1
In our framework, citing, like any social practice, is configured as an organised entity of activities.	0
This study proposes a structure for the subject analysis of e-resources.	1
For information on obtaining reprints of this article, please send e-mail to: tkde@computer.org, and reference IEEECS Log Number TKDE-2008-01-0018.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
While scholars have reported an association between research funding and JIF and between research funding and TC (1, 24, 25), to the best of our knowledge, no studies have examined the relation between research funding and multiple indices.	1
However, there is no evidence regarding the open access pathways being used in educational research or regarding the relationship between its subject categories and various scientometric indicators.	1
Future studies should focus on expanding the research begun in this study by identifying the main centers and networks of institutional collaboration in the field worldwide.	1
Arguably, none of these narratives is consistent with the empirical evidence on global science nor sufficient to furnish a cogent explanation of it.	1
Including contributions made by participating states of the former Soviet Union, totaling $6.6 million.	0
Direct URL citations appear in the printed text and are available in both the HTML and PDF versions of this article.	0
The authors' names are alphabetically ordered and they contributed equally to this paper.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
However, to our knowledge, there has been little analysis of the trends of retracted publications in orthopaedics.	1
Ethical issues (Including plagiarism, informed consent, misconduct, data fabrication and/or falsification, double publication and/or submission, redundancy, etc.) have been completely observed by the authors.	0
(2) A yearly measurement of research performance to assess academic contribution at different stages of a scholar's career.	1
Third, we analyzed the correlation by journals, which was a unique contribution to the nursing field.	1
[a] Early discussions of misconduct, for example those by Sigma Xi3 and the National Academy of Sciences4 often cited Babbage's brief writing on scientific integrity.	0
The following are the eight rejection statements made by the editors.	0
This paper aims to bridge these gaps by analysing data on management journals listed in the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI).	1
The application of these performance classes completely eliminates the effect of the heavy tails of citation distributions including their typical outlier-based biases at lower levels of aggregation.	1
More importantly, we also propose relevant methods to predict innovative topics, which have not been illustrated in other studies.	1
The study presented here is the first study of such characteristics, analyzing the Portuguese research funding system.	1
Two metrics were designed to reveal the knowledge communication patterns between the detected specialties.	1
It is recommended considering all these indices when judging the quality of the anatomy and morphology journals.	1
# Weight: weight of a topic is calculated based on the length of the burst and number of occurrences of the term.	0
Funding for this study was provided in part by NSF Science of Science and Innovation Policy (SciSIP) program award 0965341.	0
First, our analysis demonstrates that the lack of a clear and important research question and/or an inadequate study design often resulted in a rejection.	1
We construct an AGN from the Shodhganga repository after disambiguating the names of researchers that appear in the repository.	1
Table 2: Comparison of Types of Manuscripts Written by Members of PM&R Units and Other Units, by Year	0
Note: R = recommended for funding; RR = recommended with reservations; Q = Questionable; NR = not recommended.	0
To fill in this blank, this study focused on the overall and top 100 most-cited studies in the field of robotic surgery versus open surgery.	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported license.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Altogether, we develop a knowledge network framework that identifies the critical role of techno-informatic inputs as convergence bridges — or catalyzers of integration across distinct knowledge domains — as highlighted by the 1990s genomics revolution, and onward in contemporary brain, behavior and health science initiatives.	1
Compared to a previous study examining the submitted publications for promotion immediately after the implementation of new promotion guidelines at KNUST this study finds fewer non-verified publications on average (Frandsen, Lamptey, Borteye, & Teye, 2022).	1
We discuss model specification in greater detail in the next section.	0
It is Journal policy to have most submissions considered by at least two assessors.	0
The presented research aimed to propose an integrated multiple-criteria approach to evaluate and rank scientific journals using a number of indicators simultaneously.	1
This focus provides a more detailed and insightful view of countries' representation in the global COVID-19-related mental health literature.	1
Notes: numbers in the parenthesis are the corresponding proportions; the numbers in the fourth and fifth row refer to the proportion of cited and highly cited papers, respectively.	0
This is in line with recent studies1 pointing out that the most impactful pieces of work in scientific disciplines are equally likely to be located in any position throughout the entirety of an individuals output, and is therefore not predictable.	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, little has been done to date to investigate the presence of altmetrics across various scientific fields and also for relatively ample periods of time.	1
Using the subfield categorisation from Cochrane review groups, we found larger differences across subfields than in the citing half-lives published by Journal Citation Reports.	1
The study is dedicated to providing a novel experimental approach based on social parallel systems, which can structure virtual citation networks for a specific discipline.	1
From our perspective, the key theoretical implication of our study-from which we also derive policy implications below is that research and its relation to society are too complex to necessarily expect neat consistency between the various components and processes.	1
To the best of my knowledge, anchoring effects have not previously been studied in connection with reviews of research grant proposals.	1
High resolution images of the mapping approaches of this section are found at: https://sites.google.com/site/technovation2016idrmapping/.	0
Michael Hadani is an assistant professor of management at Long Island University, CW Post.	0
In this paper, we detail the iterative development and testing of a keyword-based bibliometric approach to identify active nanotechnologies.	1
We detail the main findings in the fourth section and discuss the concluding remarks in the last section.	0
It would be presumptuous to state that a new indicator would be the optimal choice to characterize a new concept.	1
Our data include all grants held by surgeons, highlighting the versatility and breadth of the modern surgeon-scientist.	1
We established that after 2014 there is a significant difference in the collaboration patterns of the Project universities, but not in the non-participants of the project.	1
On the basis of these results, problems associated with OA journals sponsored by CAST were found and relevant approaches that can promote OA publication in China were recommended.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
It is difficult to change this kind of system in a short period of time.	0
We also provide new evidence on exclusion from inventorship as we consider (i) the characteristics of the project leader, in particular gender and seniority of the last author and (ii) the institutional and cultural characteristics that differ across countries.	1
This information may help researchers, research methods educators and librarians when selecting research methods.	1
In this research, we take a step forward from the evaluation of the academic impact of research funds to study the allocation of funds for innovative research.	1
The present study introduces a new citation tool for analysis, in addition to the three sources used in 2007, along with a different methodology in order to determine whether one database is better than another for citation analysis.	1
2 ISISR and publication output of the selected countries in the field of Energy during 1996–2009	0
Note: The number in parentheses indicates the total number of articles published while editor.	0
Table 2 Delphi items to reach consensus as very important or strongly supported	0
Although this study is unable to pin down a causal relationship between an open access journal's DOAJ status and its indexing by some of the major databases, it does uncover a correlation between the two.	1
Extract the residuals as the differences between the observed and fitted values for Eq.	0
The findings of this study should provide useful information for those who will be performing research and studying diets and breast cancer.	1
Notes: robust standard errors are in parentheses; *** represents significance at the 1% level.	0
This is a strong argument why open access publishing platforms, which provide access to publication in national languages, are an important part of the knowledge infrastructure.	1
In this paper, we propose a novel method for predicting cited potential of a paper based on the metadata and semantic information, which can predict the cited potential of academic paper instantly once it has been published.	1
Therefore, systematically analyzing the current research hotspots and trends in China’s archival digitization research under the background of “smart +” can provide reference and guidance for theoretical research and practical work on archival digitization.	1
The authors, who are co-corresponding authors, contributed equally to all aspects of the ideas, writing, development and editing of the paper, all drafts and take responsibility for its content.	0
Please list a few reasons for why you prefer working alone or why you prefer working collaboratively.	0
Where the researcher was uncertain about an academic's Scopus record(s), a second researcher was consulted for resolution.	0
Next, the results section presents the researcher affiliation change, research topic, productivity, and impact after collaboration with top scientists.	0
Even in the short treatment period, publication patterns have changed.	1
The results using citations that exclude journal self-citations (EJNCs) are not reported here but are available upon request.	0
This study attempts to go beyond prior literature by analyzing scientist production at the institutional level and by integrating dissertation data with other traditional data sources.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The empirical study presented here investigates how multiple affiliations are organised in terms of purpose and origin, and academics' motivations to co-affiliate, something that cannot be inferred from bibliometric data.	1
Admittedly, Italy has a definite tendency to publish a great deal, not all of it based on originality.	0
Our research provides new evidence and perspectives on the incentives, hierarchies and reward structures of modern science, as reflected through the publication system.	1
We will then calculate the science linkage of each set and ultimately propose a better way of identifying and evaluating the science linkage between science and technology using non-patent citation.	1
Section 2 (Related work) presents previous rankings of software engineering authors.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2050-3806.htm	0
A ado??o de Taxas de Processamento de Artigos como modelo de negócio por periódicos de Acesso Aberto brasileiros	0
This finding indicates that it is reasonable for us to use the Chinese discipline catalogue to conduct this analysis.	0
This situation highlights a strong trend towards international collaboration in Brazilian Evolutionary Biology research and unveils a specific characteristic of this field in Brazil.	1
Oval nodes are the intermediate nodes and rectangles are terminal nodes.	0
This is the first comprehensive scientometric research of KMRP describes the state-of-the-art value and provides an outlook of the future.	1
To the best of our knowledge, no bibliometric study has referred to interventional radiologists and been related to a medical society.	1
Further, the distributed payment processes to access and publish scholarly articles add to the opacity of the financial flows of scholarly publishing (Lawson et al., 2016) as they can involve several actors simultaneously, including authors, research institutions, libraries, and funders.	0
PS can be contacted for access to the dataset underlying the current analysis.	0
To help understand these questions, we first created Table 1 which shows the following, in this order, for the 60 authors with highest average ranks in our dataset: (a) the cited surname, (b) the rank by traditional citation counting, (c) the highest rank among the 36 achieved, (d) the lowest rank, (e) the average rank, (f) the median rank, and (g) the sample-based standard deviation of the 36 ranks for this name (favouring traditional counting schemes).	0
The minimal-interaction strategy stands in contrast to widely touted recommendations for ongoing, regular, and sustained communication (e.g.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(10):2109–2121, 2010	0
Funding information The research leading to these results has received funding from the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007-2013) under grant agreement no.	0
The difference between the global index and the average of individual document indexes carries another relevant information about the corpus: it measures the diversity between the reference profiles of the corpus documents.	1
Overall institutional publication trend 2005–2020: Journal Articles (Protea University's 2020 Research Performance Analysis 2022: Slide 9).	0
Whereas we hold that writing is sufficient as a primary activity, Helgesson[26] argues that contributing to research and answering the research question are ultimately the primary conditions of authorship.	1
Third, we defined what we termed the “individual publication portfolio" for every Polish scientist to examine the same-sex collaboration ratio at the level of the individual scientist...	1
Our bibliometric analysis illustrated a historical perspective on the progress of scientific research on Medical Informatics.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first article to analyze the quantity and quality of diabetes research productivity from the Arab world.	1
Another scientist, echoing the predominant trend, put the salience of persistence succinctly:	0
We developed a registry to increase registration of studies, including those not possible to register on existing registries.	1
* Publications can be replaced by domestic publications, country cooperative linkages or bi-country relationship linkages.	0
This communication helps understand how countries at different scientific development and thus wealth levels contribute to the model.	1
He first called attention to the exponential growth of scientific literature, based on publication counts47, and went on to consider the network properties of citations among papers48.	0
This analysis found that total NIH funding has increased, funding to internal medicine faculty has remained stable over the last 10 years, and the funding given to surgeons has declined (Fig.	1
We employed the novel method LDA of machine learning to identify research topics.	1
Before this study, it seems that all hijacked journals were detected post factum.	1
The bibliometric approach allows to estimate the proportion of scientifically active women in CS, regardless of their degree, employment level, nationality, age, or origin.	1
With the latter I mean the knowledge available in an entire organisation, such as a university.	0
As in many European countries, in Italy a reform process of the governance of higher education system took place, too.?	0
My study provides a systematic view on the growth of the team sizes in retracted papers, a relationship between the authors' collaboration and retractions (Tang et al., 2020), and an association between retractions and retracted citations.	1
We conclude that the observed fluctuations in the THE do not correspond to actual university performance and ranking results are thus of limited conclusiveness for the university management of universities below a rank of 50.	1
Our approach complements other histories (Albright 1998; Broom 2011, 2014), general reviews (eg Broom 1991; Fraser et al 1997; Dawkins 2006; Veissier & Miele 2014; Hemsworth et al 2015) and related commentaries supported by metrics and surveys (eg Borsi & Schubert 2011; de Azevedo et al 2007; Lawrence 2008; Goulart et al 2009; Walker et al 2014; Rodriguez-Ledesma et al 2015; Kirchner et al 2017) about the development and underpinning concepts of animal welfare science.	1
*"For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath" (Gospel according to St.	0
In doing so, this study presents the first evidence of a link between research visits and other types of mobility.	1
The left and right sides of the figure illustrate the effects of omitting (the "without" case) and only including (the "with only" case) the indicated group of factors for model training, respectively.	0
This is the first study to quantify and evaluate global research patterns and development trends in OGD research based on WOS database, which provides a quantitative perspective on OGD studies that may assist in advancing the development of the field.	1
This does not alter the authors' adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
LO1506 and by the Slovak Grant Agency of the Ministry of Education and Academy of Science of the Slovak Republic under grant No.	0
An a level of 0.05 was assumed to represent statistical significance, and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were computed where appropriate.	0
This paper has described the cultivation of a fear of 'fake' scientific journals amongst African academics and the struggle for authenticity pursued by the journals themselves.	1
Cumulative numbers of publications and citations used to determine the real career h-index sequence (Egghe, 2009a).	0
Another contribution of this study lies in a method for measuring gender composition at the collaboration pair level rather than at the team level (De Saa-Perez et al., 2017; Lungeanu & Contractor, 2015; Stvilia et al., 2011; Zhang & Hou, 2012) or paper level (Campbell et al., 2013; Maddi & Gingras, 2021; Nielsen & Borjeson, 2019; Rigg et al., 2012), with expected outcomes for MM, MF and FF.	1
The results also cast a shadow of doubt on the soundness of the bucket classification of journals.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=urqe20	0
This bibliometric analysis offered valuable perspectives into Al's role in Oncology research, shedding light on emerging research paths.	1
The calculation of a field-specific version of DI? (focusing on disruptiveness within the same field) for Scientometrics papers in the current study reveals that the variant is possibly able to identify landmark papers in scientometrics.	1
Second, it sheds light on the importance of contextual moderators in examining the influence of multidisciplinary diversity on research performance.	1
Descriptive statistics for soil science papers published in 2018 in nine journals.	0
In the present study, research productivity was operationalized as a composite measure of respondents' research output over seven years period of time indicated through research activities undertaken, products developed, scientific publications contributed, teaching activities involved with, extension activities undertaken, awards received and recognitions earned.	1
Yet scholarship has virtually ignored this linkage and has almost exclusively focused on the laboratories' presumably unique egalitarian organizational aspects.	1
Each of the above definitions is accurate although they vary in the amount of detail provided.	0
All authors contributed to the study conception and design, commented on previous versions of the manuscript, read, and approved the final manuscript.	0
The competence perceptions of scientists towards their own discipline or other disciplines has not previously been measured through a validated survey instrument.	1
Note: we consider the competitions for full professorship in Italy in the field SECS-P01 held from 2001 to 2008; in 2007 there have not been competitions in this field.	0
We utilize a framework that highlights four key dimensions of societally targeted research funding (interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity, prioritized research problems, and user-oriented outputs) to conduct an in-depth analysis of 12 case studies.	1
In this context, we are not aware of any studies to date that delve into the productive dynamics between foreign capital and the effective utilization of available renewable energy.	1
Dai et al., 2011; Hays, 1993; Parker et al., 2010), the overall picture of the developments and the state of the field remain unclear.	1
Overall, these findings highlight the improvements made and the challenges that still exist related to publishing within the bioengineering field.	1
The effectiveness of Pearson correlation coefficient for each pattern is guaranteed by the linear trends shown in Fig.	0
Thanks goes to Mark Sanderson & Hideo Joho at the University of Sheffield for aiding our access to the collection.	0
All other statistical analyses were performed using GraphPad Prism version 9 (GraphPad Software Inc, San Diego, Calif).	0
(3) We propose a measure that captures publications that have probably been inaccurately assigned.	1
Rather, by looking specifically at scientists and analyzing a very long time period, we are able to go beyond the short-term celebrity mechanisms of attention such as missteps and scandals, peccadillos, or self-promotional efforts, all bubbles that burst as quickly as they are formed.	1
The citation performs a backbone role in the citation of scientific work.	0
An extensive amount of the literature is focused on the process and results of research involving diverse disciplines, that is, interdisciplinary research.	0
Previous presentations: Findings from this study have been presented at the 7th Annual Meeting of the International Society of Medical Publication Professionals, Arlington, USA, 4–6 April 2011; and the 20th ARCS Australia Annual Scientific Congress, Sydney, Australia, 26-27 May 2011.	0
Further investigations concerning the impact of the selection process on the scientometric impact indicators are in progress.	0
Those who are already familiar with this distribution will want to move directly ahead to the section following.	0
Double data entry was conducted for all citing articles, and disagreements were discussed until consensus was reached.	0
To help overcome the lack of self-citation information, a simple test is proposed to help identify researchers with strategic self-citations.	1
The interviews were semi-structured to allow for deviations from the originally planned questions.	0
These communities are consistent with those identified with other clustering approaches like hierarchical clustering as well (see Additional file 1, Sect.	0
In most cases, these works may not be reposted without the explicit permission of the copyright holder.	0
This work proposes a novel "output-to-input-oriented" approach, which permits identification of research strengths and weaknesses on the basis of the ratios of top scientists and highly cited articles to research expenditures in each field.	1
Furthermore, we conduct our analysis within a multivariate analysis by incorporating explanatory variables into the model.	1
This study shows the benefits and necessity of establishing nationwide databases, even extending to more than one country, in specialized branches of medicine, such as pediatric endocrinology, where rare diseases are of concern and good quality evidence is scarce.	1
Source: S&T Indicators based on R&D&I Statistics and Indicators in High Technology Sectors (HTS) from Instituto Nacional de Estadística (INE-Spanish Statistical Office).	0
These results evidence that the CMB does not assume a serious threat affecting a large majority of the results.	0
Through empirical evidence and internal logical arguments, it challenges the supremacy of qualitative over quantitative methods in terms of robustness, accuracy, validity, functionality, and time and cost convenience in STEMM research assessment.	1
To the authors' knowledge, this has hardly been studied before, which is also because preprints only have emerged lately in many disciplines and countries.	1
The upload process is ongoing, and the remaining six faculty's publications will be added in the near future.	0
4 Nanotechnology article output by all EU-27 countries versus production in the world's seven most productive countries a Sample 1.	0
This is of course not the only task of the mathematician reviewer.	0
In this article, I use examples from the current context of science's complex and dynamic culture to motivate and illuminate what I will call the reference class problem for credit valuation in science.	1
Yet, to date a comprehensive analysis of which content is actually shared by researchers on Twitter does not exist.	1
By highlighting the issues faced, and the potential solutions to them, this research recognises the need for a tailored and formalised production workflow within NUPs and also provides guidance how to begin implementing possible solutions.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Table 4 Expected value of lag and the results of the Wilcoxon rank-sum test	0
2 Some of the guidelines include the history, journal philosophy, authorship distribution, research topic distribution, among others.	0
GNI = gross national income; HIC = high-income countries; HMIC = high-middle-income countries; LMIC = low-middle-income countries; LIC = low-income countries.	0
There is no history in the literature of any bibliometric study on peri-implant diseases.	1
Of these articles, only three present the results of clinical trials, while most are review studies.	0
This work extends that, on the disciplines, already reported in D'Agostino (2012, 2016, 2019).	0
In this study, RPYS will be used to present a quantitative overview of prominent ethnobotanical publications.	1
The 4588 most productive researchers account for 0.03% of all the Scopus accounts	0
It also represents innovative development in the functioning of co-word networks.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there are no earlier reports on the status and trend of research articles published in HIJs by authors from Mainland Chinese hospitals.	1
This paper will examine scientists' perspectives on grant lottery and how they justify their support or opposition.	1
The full bibliographic citation for each of the articles in the network is given in Table 1.	0
By questioning widely touted recommendations for ongoing, regular and sustained interaction this study provides a fresh look at scientific collaboration.	1
Then, Portionp,t is defined for each topic in a corpus P as the number of papers explained by t divided by the size of P as follows:	0
We employ the three-dimensional framework, which is also unique.	1
our results have to be regarded accordingly as early empirical evidence.	1
As Table 2 shows, there are considerable inequalities in the contributions of different GS world regions.	0
We do not claim that the list of problems we have raised is complete, but we do claim that these methodological gaps require attention.	1
There remains limited research beyond publication counts and that asks scientists directly about their experiences collaborating internationally during COVID-19 and directly on COVID-19-related research.	1
I am assuming that one reputable journal in the area is known.	0
Figure 3 illustrates the process that we followed to build the Colil database.	0
In this paper, we introduced an undirected science collaboration model that captures the reciprocal preferential attachment and the homophily mechanism in the formation of a scientific network.	1
Compared with previous studies, three important components of scientific research: topic popularity, research funding and academic performance of scientific teams are all considered in this study for providing a comprehensive view to understand the effect of topic selection exerted on team research.	1
Our contribution lies in the implementation of new measures to evaluate returnee scholar post-return performance.	1
This phenomenon is captured in margins plots shown in Fig 6.	0
We extended the previous study by Peoples et al.	1
The cross in the middle of the box represents the median (50% of the values above and below).	0
Roger Cooper is assistant professor in the Department of Radio-TV-Film at Texas Christian University.	0
More importantly, this study speaks to trends in an important practice in communication research by showing an overall growth in the use of titular stylistic cues over time.	1
Despite these limitations, our study provides a comprehensive overview of the current body of research on climate change's effects on major aquatic production.	1
This study summarized the research of rehabilitation using virtual reality technology in Web of Science from 1996 to 2015.	1
In this study, we address this lack of knowledge by exploring social media usage in economics with an emphasis on policy documents, and how journal rankings associate with economic research's altmetric score.	1
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS This study was partly supported by Pharmaceutical Sciences Research Center of TUMS.	0
Only the sums of ranks and the means for fields are reported here; Table 2 il- lustrates the manner in which these measure are obtained.	0
The relative credit of co-authors of the paper Po is based on the vector C.	0
In this paper, we present an extension of a co-citation-based technique to identify the most relevant documents to co-cited document(s).	1
This adds to ongoing discussions on the performativity of assessment criteria and lays bare a tension between the rigidity and flexibility of criteria and the extent to which these can be transparently communicated.	1
This is the first study to assess the relationship of article placement order in serial medical journals with author gender, geographical region of affiliated institution, industry funding, research design or disease category.	1
Open Access in China: A Study of Social Science Journals 339	0
These fluctuations may reflect changes in editors and editorial policies, but the PASP does not show the 58% growth in numbers of papers between 1986 and 1993 seen in the ApJ.	0
We aim to contribute to this discussion by systematically evaluating the ability of LLMs' to differentiate between AI- and human-written conference abstracts and comparing the evaluations of all abstracts given by human reviewers to those given by AI.	1
Such errors are typically related to data collection and include, for example, delays in the update of the database of papers that is used to calculate them, and linguistic homonyms, which may bias citation counts.	0
The proposed definition thus includes a statement on the term's ethical neutrality.	1
Financial support from the Spanish Ministerio of Ciencia y Innovación project ECO2016-75410-P, GRODE and the Barcelona GSE is gratefully acknowledged.	0
Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.	0
Despite these limitations, we provided insight into the development and characteristics of CHD in the past 45 years.	1
In moving beyond simple publication and citation counts the current study compared measures of the quantity and or quality dimensions of SP with measures of these same dimensions after the authorship dimension had been added.	1
Hub-spoke network models showing citation numbers between specific journals were created for top-ranked journals in medical (A-D) and surgical (E-H) specialties.	0
News ranking, or if it is even possible to do so, when competition exists and rankings of comparative institutions are not held constant.	1
Another method to show performance differences between universities are confidence intervals (Bornmann, Mutz, & Daniel, 2013).	0
Thus, we propose the possibility to keep the connection between paper and journal percentiles for each data point in a scatter plot, as shown in Fig.	1
The obvious alternative would be to derive merit based on absolute contribution, regardless of how much everyone else contributed.	1
Introduce a measure of interdisciplinarity from citation analysis.	1
The actual performance of business schools and scholars is discussed in detail in a companion paper (Tol 2010).	0
This study aims to fill a void in the bibliometric analysis of research internationalization in the Social Sciences and Humanities (SSH), namely the fact that enlightenment literature has not been studied in this respect.	1
With the dearth in the literature on Malaysian ECRs' publication practices and misconduct, this paper contributes to the understanding of these experiences and scenario.	1
Received January 5, 2011; Accepted March 14, 2011; Published May 4, 2011	0
For a list of OA mandates adopted by universities, research institutions and research funders refer to The Registry of OA Repositories Mandatory Archiving Policies (ROARMAP) at http://roarmap.eprints.org/.	0
This paper develops a framework based on graph signal processing (GSP) to predict scientific disruption, achieving an average AUC of about 80% on benchmark datasets, surpassing the performance of prior methods by 13.6% on average.	1
Studying the formation mechanism of HIPs could help explore the influencing factors of forming HIPs on social media and the correlation between academic and social media indicators.	1
The number of applied themes does suggest that there has been a move away from the dominance of the more foundational themes.	1
Statistical Cybermetrics Research Group, School of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1LY, UK	0
The purpose of this study is to build on the Yates and Chapman (2007) study to explore how monograph citations in the field of communication may have changed in the intervening decade.	1
In this article we consider a citation as a direct link from a citing article to a cited one.	0
While the results confirmed known knowledge that international collaboration increases impact, this study shows that Brazilian researchers are contributing to prominent research topics worldwide, in all areas of knowledge.	1
A major contribution of this study is the development of a technique to identify influential researchers that were previously “hidden” in the collaboration network of their scientific community by applying standard centrality computations to the convex skeleton extracted from that collaboration network.	1
To check the consistency of topics with reference terms for CCs where reference terms are not mentioned or require a wide context.	1
EABCA can find a more detailed intellectual structure, especially among research interest groups that are not distinguished, as shown in factor and network analysis.	1
Submitted December 6, 2011; tentatively accepted, pending modest revision December 15, 2011; revisions submitted December 22, 2011, and accepted for publication.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Despite these limitations, the number of documents published is still the most commonly used metric for research output.	0
For this reason, the present work intends to give Mexico the prominence it deserves by studying its productivity in research by using a bibliometric approach.	1
Therefore, any global publication paradigm change must originate from within the author community.	0
The studied model, expressed by equation (2), incorporates the following variables: RENPEN, representing the renewable energy penetration ratio based on consumption; OFDI, denoting Outward Foreign Direct Investment; GT, indicating the ratio of renewable energy consumption to fossil fuel resources; GDPpc, representing the gross domestic product per capita; URB, representing the percentage of the population residing in urban areas; Pop, denoting the population; and ERT, representing the number of patents for environmentally related technologies.	0
Method (c) occurs, for example, in the layman's phrase, 'tied for second place'.	0
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interest to declare.	0
We would also like to give a special thank you to our trainees, our faculty, and the support of the Developmental Psychobiology Research Group.	0
What emerges from this study is that open access publishing is being conducted by a whole variety of means.	1
Co-author collaboration network by country from documents published by JIPH between 2008–2016.	0
Our work provides sui generis documentation of the continuing phenomenon of impact factor inflation and also explains and reinforces some recent findings on the ranking stability of journals and on the JIF-based comparison of papers.	1
We chose to focus on this breakdown given that professional OA publishing funded by APCs has been most readily adopted in the health sciences.	0
Dummy programs and some of the data are available in Hadavand, Hamermesh, and Wilson (2024).	0
Received April 20, 2011; revised May 20, 2011; accepted June 16, 2011	0
Usage and publications correlations can inform researchers' information behavior, collection development and might also inform emerging topics and areas.	1
Previous studies on COVID-19 scholarly articles have primarily focused on bibliometric characteristics, neglecting the identification of institutional actors that cite recent scientific contributions related to COVID-19 in the policy domain, and their locations.	1
In particular, 'the spectrum of originality', from radical to minor incremental, introduced in this paper, in relation to different tiers of journals (Fig.	1
For our critical mention analysis, we collected all tweets referenced in the Altmetric database using the Twitter application programming interface (API).	0
Clinical significance: There is great interest in fostering the next generation of orthopedic surgeon scientists.	1
One of these lies in its redundancy, being essentially tied with the citation count, thus providing negligible additional information.	1
As reviewed, although there have been few studies evaluating the research performance of various fields and countries, it appears that no study has yet examined the research performance in the field of language and linguistics, particularly in the SEA region.	1
Particularly concerning is our retrospective analysis indicating a decrease in the percentage of projects addressing lifestyle and prevention under more recent funding cycles, despite AD, BC, PC, as well as most of NCDs have been proven to be largely preventable [16–19].	1
Thus, notions of locally comparable research, such as we introduced here, provide an important step toward studying the interactions between scientific disciplines and the emergence of new research areas.	1
Our study does not contradict the little empirical evidence on the way in which OA benefits lower-income countries; it adds important additional information in understanding what changes in scientific behaviour have become possible with the introduction of more openly available literature.	1
Demonstrates some general patterns concerning the gender difference among the doctoral students within science, technology and medicine.	0
To address this cold-start issue, we introduce a credit allocation algorithm based on the co-citing network that captures the co-authors' shared credit of a multi-authored publication.	1
Keywords Latin America · Theoretical high energy physics · Bibliometrics · Socioeconomic indicators	0
Building upon the identified positive relationship between publication pressure and QRPs, this study reveals that moral disengagement serves as a full mediator in this relationship.	1
Our analysis shows that the members of the ABC concentrates 80% in the Southeast region and that the overwhelming majority is composed by men.	1
In cases where multiple book reviews review the same book title, each review could be linked to the reviewed book, and the number of reviews would appear in the BKCI full record to complement the times cited count.	1
82.68% of coronavirus-related papers included in the COVID-19 Open Research Dataset are produced by non-single authors.	0
This paper examines both panel processes and journal ratings lists, which measure the quality of research in business and management in the UK.	1
The journal has seen major transformations in the nature of its contributors over a century of publication; although many of these parallel the changes seen in other areas of health care and medical science, some characteristics and shifts (especially in gender and level of training of its authors) are unique.	1
Scientific articles are indicators of research interest and record the published efforts in every country1.	0
2010 ASIS&T Published online 15 April 2010 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
The University of Chicago Press, The University of Chicago, The University of Chicago Law School are collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to The Journal of Legal Studies.	0
For that reason, “I don’t see us reaching the top of a hill and now rushing to the bottom.	0
By assisting scientometricians, this paper emphasises the suitability of major similarity indexes in analyzing co-authorship networks, offering insights that lead to a more accurate and unbiased interpretation of scientific collaboration patterns, which are crucial for evaluating and mapping scholarly relationships.	1
The use of social media metrics to investigate the impact of OA articles led by China and the United States has not been studied.	1
All the data used in our study are available in Santos et al.(2020b).	0
It is noteworthy that, to our knowledge, this is the first comprehensive study of policy citation features that incorporates rich information beyond singular features such as policy topics, issuing agencies, or policy types.	1
All of this allows a strategic analysis by fields and subjects, which to our knowledge has not been carried out.	1
Information resources are the backbone for the effective functioning of libraries and information centers associated with any/every type of institution.	0
where a > 0 is the exponent to prescribe the trend of decreasing.	0
In line with other contributions, our findings suggest that citation counts are driven by multiple factors, including “social” ones, which makes it difficult to assess the intrinsic merit of an individual researcher just from the number of her citations.	1
Structuring science is about identifying fields, subfields, and research themes and relating them to each other.	0
The symbols *, **, *** represent statistical significance at the 10, 5 and 1 % levels	0
So far, this is the largest quantitative analysis ever of the Cuban scientific output in scholarly journals at macro level, attending to the timeframe (1855–2018) and the number of sources considered.	1
The numbers in bold represent the higher citation value for the article between 2004 and 2014	0
The above concept aims at advancing the development of quantitative methods for determining and examining the relationship between peer review and decisions about research grant allocation in terms of attributes of frontier research.	1
While these debates have evolved in academia and policy circles – for example, in Europe and the United States – experiences from the Global South are often overlooked in these global discourses.	1
We propose a simple model in which the number of citations of a publication depends not only on the scientific impact of the publication but also on other 'random' factors.	1
Our main result is that ANVUR classification offers on average a reliable proxy for the quality of journals, as measured by journal indicators and by the assessments of independent experts evaluating individual articles published in those journals.	1
In the present study, I analyse the methodologies of existing evaluation studies from a meta-perspective.	1
As they continue to be highly internationalised, the main reason behind these trends seems to be related to critical underinvestment in their research systems.	1
It is important to note, as previously indicated, that although bibliometric analysis in entrepreneurship in different fields was carried out, no studies that analyzed co-occurrence and thematic analysis were found in sport entrepreneurship.	1
Secondly, on the basis of inheriting the superior performance of the three existing citation structures, this paper formed a new more standardized and systematic citation structure, and carried out a more in-depth understanding and analysis of diverse citation relationships and citation behaviors.	1
Hence, we use four classifications in this study, that is, we go beyond matching academics' institutional background and current institutional employment, to account for the level of academic mobility in their careers.	1
The results of this study will be useful for website administrators of research institutions in India and across the globe.	1
R. K. MERTON, The Matthew effect in science, Science, 159 (1968) 56.	0
In other words, the concept of “0” and “1” is to define whether a single dimension (column) in each case (each row) belongs to the set (1 means belonging, 0 means not belonging).	0
It has to be mentioned that many predatory journals add the name of legitimate researchers as editorial board members without their consent.	0
Not every question was answered by respondents and for some analyses the ‘don't know'-option was not included yielding different numbers of observations.	0
However, the small sample size (particularly in the retracted paper group) did not permit strong conclusions to be drawn regarding these trends.	0
Below are two examples of impact claims from REF2021 classified under this category.	0
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology.	0
* Corresponding author at: Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell'Impresa, Università degli Studi di Roma “Tor Vergata”, Via del Politecnico 1, 00133 Rome, Italy.	0
“Conclusion” section presents and discusses the results from the empirical analyzes.	0
Initially we also define this variable through participation in absolute terms.	0
This research principally suggests that internet access does not necessarily play a significant role in aiding and abetting students' plagiarism behavior.	1
We use two indicators, and not just one, to strengthen possible outcomes.	0
Based on the norms and standards in social science and specific to communication, we argue that using a WFC procedure for author credit allocation can provide an additional method of analyzing publishing productivity.	1
Although there have been numerous studies on mapping co-authorship networks, there has been limited work investigating the underlying communities formed by author associations.	1
ITGInsight supports various user-defined dictionaries, and they can be used to intervene in natural language processing without directly modifying the original data.	0
However, to our knowledge, previous research has not examined the role that K awards may play in different funding environments, when competition for funding may differ, such as during the doubling of the NIH budget (1998–2003) and post-doubling (2004 through 2016).	1
Our survey of previous studies suggests three strands of empirical literature on this topic.	0
But a weary backlash against bureaucracy presents the danger of committing 'metricide'.	1
In comparison to most previous findings, which compared actual reviewers’ submissions in blind and open review contexts, the strategy used in the present research involved an experimental investigation into reviewer motivation.	1
Comparison between the two different levels of analysis, discipline and metadiscipline, has provided some interesting insights regarding methodological approaches when it comes to studying research cultures and the behavior of those researchers who constitute them.	1
Here and in the following tables core elements occurring in both the source and the target lists are highlighted in italics.	0
4 Due to the limitations of the paper length, data are not displayed and are available upon request.	0
We thank workshop participants at Brigham Young University, University of Waterloo, and the following individuals for their helpful comments and suggestions: Steve Albrecht, Abigail Allen, David Cook, Lauren Cooper, Josh Coyne, Patty Dechow, Scott Emett, Marc Eulerich, Steve Glover, Kip Holderness, Bill Kinney, Joleen Kremin, Josh Lee, Jared Moon, Uday Murthy, Noah Myers, Jeff Pickerd, Cathy Schrand, Tim Seidel, Nate Sharp, Terry Shevlin, Chad Simon, Trevor Sorenson, Chad Stefaniak, Jake Thornock, Bill Titera, Melissa Western, Jaron Wilde, Paul Windward, and Stanley Wood.	0
(with Distinction) in Computer Science in 2010 from the Institute of Scientific Computing, University of Vienna, Austria.	0
We further discovered the effects of collaboration patterns on research performance to help researchers choose whom to collaborate with.	1
This computational analysis shows how the fields of education and technology have been evolving together over time, giving historical context to understand current trends.	1
This new methodology has been already used to test the existence of the so-called “Mendel syndrome” (Garfield, 1979; van Raan, 2004) in the analysis of individual scientists (Costas et al., 2011).	1
This provides a new perspective on the evaluation of a country's educational structure, which can speak volumes about its overall educational development.	0
However, due to the large number of them (e.g., 25 terms produce 25(24)/2 = 300 co-occurrences), it is difficult to grasp what all of the numbers jointly mean.	0
b Morrison Institute for Population and Resource Studies, Stanford University, Stanford (USA)	0
At the level of indicators, the current article is the first analysis of African research impact using an indicator, the MNLCS, that is not unduly influenced by the skewed nature of citation count data (Thelwall, 2017a).	1
To be clear, APCs are not always a sign of prestigious, high impact publishing, but in this case I will direct our attention to APCs that are usually associated with OA journal publishing in the Global North that are generally cost prohibitive for those working in the South.	0
This study uses a social constructionist-grounded multilevel mixed methods approach to identify social dynamics and mechanisms within a transdisciplinary team.	1
Conflict of Interest: Authors did not accounted any conflict of interest for this paper.	0
Table 1 gives the variation in the number of countries involved in international collaboration by region.	0
Using R also opens up many possibilities for further development, such as research analysis, statistics and machine learning operations.	1
The numbers in brackets correspond to the number of research areas covered and the number of documents considered in each category.	0
Detailed data regarding contribution of the different European nations to total European orthodontic research production are listed in Table 4.	0
Besides, we introduce the dynamic panel Generalised Method of Moments (GMM) estimation into the relationship between research output and economic growth.	1
In response, this article introduces a variant of the MNCS, the geometric MNCS (gMNCS), and applies it to assess the effect of field, year and country on the extent to which the average citation impact of collaborative research articles varies with the number of authors.	1
However, the new technique at least provides a new perspective to explore a complicated and multi-dimensional front for a certain topic.	1
The presented results indicate that the combination of network centrality and time holds promise for improving some of the tools currently used to rank scientific publications, which could bring valuable benefits for quantitative research assessment and design of Web academic platforms.	1
Catterall of the Sherardian Library of Plant Taxonomy, in the University of Oxford, for their help in the preparation of this paper.	0
Originality/value – There are currently no studies analysing in depth the coverage of this novel database which covers monographs.	1
The extracted data was then carefully cleaned and processed to construct bibliographic indicators.	0
Here we analyse more than 65 million papers, patents and software products that span the period 1954–2014, and demonstrate that across this period smaller teams have tended to disrupt science and technology with new ideas and opportunities, whereas larger teams have tended to develop existing ones.	1
The considerable stability in the patterns of citation should be noted.	0
Figure 5 Knowledge map of top 20 keywords with the strongest citation bursts.	0
In the current study, we specifically focus on the presentation perspective to examine the characteristics of research articles' titles—the first communicative point to audiences that potentially impacts usage count and citation.	1
Our study supports the idea that it is worthwhile to collect complete data at the individual level: for detailed analyses of academic career in its various dimensions (research productivity, international research collaboration, international mobility), it is useful to have birth dates of all researchers from all science sectors, as in the Polish POL-on system currently under expansion.	1
We found that this has to do with the exponential growth in the number of publications, which inevitably accelerates the turnover of papers, due to the finite capacity of scholars to keep track of the scientific literature.	1
First, using qualitative and quantitative methodologies, the study provides in-depth insight into the dynamics and interrelationships between universities and academic researchers due to research incentives.	1
In this section, we propose to compare two journals with a bounded ratio based on the mutual numbers of citations Cij and Cji, and adjusted for any difference in reference intensities, denoted by u?	1
Over the past decade, Iran has achieved significant success in medical sciences and for the first time in 2015 based on Scopus index, Iran ranked first in the number of published scientific papers and number of citations in the region and among all Islamic countries.	1
Based on analysis and summary of existing measurement indexes of interdisciplinarity, this study introduces a new measurement index and verifies its effectiveness in interdisciplinary research by empirical analysis.	1
We study the collaboration patterns of researchers in Shodhganga-AGN considering three distinct subgraph structures.	1
We end with a "Conclusions" section, where we summarize the results and contribution of our study.	0
a Sum of the number of articles calculated by nˉ1 authorship	0
In this discourse of the blind, the side with the money usually won.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Thus, this study contributes to the knowledge advancement in the field of journal evaluation as it provides the very first results of research into the editorial practices transformations in Poland.	1
This present work is the first known to the authors that categorize the different ways to apply the h-index for groups.	1
The huge numbers of URLs embedded in US patents (2,719,705) shows that they are a substantial new data source that may help enrich patent citation studies.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
In this article, a detailed data set covering the RO of academic economists between 1994 and 2011 is used to directly address the quality versus quantity question.	1
intra-institutional co-authorship networks whose nodes and links are enriched with both domain-independent metrics (metrics used in analysis of complex and social networks which are directly computed from the network) and domain-dependent metrics (e.g.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
The opinions expressed in this NHLBI Page are not necessarily those of the editors or of the American Heart Association.	0
In respect of academic research, these results enrich existing theories and give more empirical evidence for family investment model, demonstrating that family SES has a direct impact on college students' information searching and an indirect impact on their formal and informal query regarding online academic help-seeking.	1
I will briefly review the methodology for producing high level clusters and maps to represent them.	0
To the authors' knowledge, this paper presents the first single-number criterion to evaluate the impact of funding instruments on researcher's risk-taking comprehensively, and to illustrate risk-return patterns.	1
At the level of individual disciplines (details not shown in the table), some variability can be observed.	0
This research identifies the separation between communication and certification in the open transformation of academic publishing, which is a significant issue in building sustainable and efficient openness.	1
Our contributions are evident for editors, who might find our recommendations useful in guiding their editorial policy; the types of articles that they publish will determine how often an average article is cited in a journal and hence have a direct effect on the journal “impact factor” and related metrics.	1
Funding/Support: This research was supported by the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences of the National Institutes of Health under Award Number UL1TR000454.	0
Following Lu et al. (2014) journal concentration index, we propose the diachronous impact factor based on citation concentration index (CCI) based on citing articles (instead of journals) as the former was considered as a social capital of journals:	1
The size of this set is the number of elements in it.	0
In the four cases where the manuscript was rejected with three positive (+) ratings, the authors retracted the manuscript.	0
We then propose a resampling correction method that removes the bias.	1
Let us dwell in more detail on the analysis of the components of the methodology for constructing ratings of Ukrainian universities according to scientific citation.	0
At first, the universally adaptable methodology for ranking of journals using Weighted Aggregated Sum Product Assessment (WASPAS method) is suggested.	1
This work has been funded in whole or in part with funds from the United States Government Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health (NIH), National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), under: (1) Grant U01AI068614, 'Leadership Group for a Global HIV Vaccine Clinical Trials Network' (Office of HIV/AIDS Network Coordination) to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, and; (2) a subcontract to Concept Systems, Inc.	0
In this analysis, we only considered citations to full IHC papers.	0
The present study provides an analytical foundation for future studies on the global distribution of scholarly contributions and the complex interplay of various factors affecting academic publishing in gender studies.	1
2011) by focusing on two Asian territories that are economically, socially, politically and culturally well integrated in globalisation processes and fairly similar to one another: Hong Kong and Singapore.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
Each of these has its particular merits in keeping revisions independent of personal interests, representing a balanced appraisal for authors (Stefanou 2008), or avoiding plagiarism of research ideas and products (Ren 2004).	0
Walker, E-488 Van Vliet Centre, Faculty of Physical Education and Recreation, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, T6G 2H9, gordon.walker@ualberta.ca	0
This is displayed graphically as the dashed lower curve in Figure 1.	0
The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest concerning this article.	0
One methodological contribution of this study is to combine the use of a survey of a nationally representative sample of scientists and engineers with that of the respondents' curriculum vitae (hereafter CVs).	1
The rest of this section elaborates on the three new impact types discovered.	0
Our proposed research presents a binary citation classification technique that primarily focuses on introducing a list of novel potential features that have not been given attention by the approaches stated above.	1
Here, we assess for the first time the performance of Biological Invasions' Facebook and Twitter accounts.	1
the highest skill at the Exchequer does not lie in calculations, but in judgements of all kinds”.	0
Pathway 2: terms move from stage 1 in first period to stage 2 in second period	0
Different from the other methods presented in this special issue, we built semantic representation for articles and tried to detect clusters of articles based on their semantic similarity.	1
This study determines the parts of the network that are structure-related to and, therefore, represented by the MPs, termed the MPs' coverage, using a built-in feature of Pajek called key-node path search.	1
The graphical representation of effectiveness shows that the communication topology during examination is quite relevant.	0
If a journal belongs to more than one category, the best ranked data have been used.	0
The authors would like to thank Erik Hermann and Claudia Weimann for their excellent and committed coding work.	0
The aim of our study was to bring this diverse literature together and present a bibliometric analysis of the field of animal welfare science as a whole.	1
A research productivity index was developed to measure productivity of respondents under study.	1
The evolutionary perspective thus enriches our understanding of two types of change.	1
This research was supported by a Veterans Administration Merit Review Grant, MRIS 1416 (Dr.	0
Acknowledgements We would like to express our gratitude to Altmetric.com for providing the dataset.	0
Second, our novel measures of multidisciplinarity of an institution and interdisciplinarity of research collaborations are based on individuals' research interests derived by applying topic models to publication data.	1
Copyright of Aslib Proceedings is the property of Emerald Group Publishing Limited and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder’s express written permission.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 62(1):1–18, 2011	0
This is a revised version of a paper presented at the Fifth International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators in Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, 4–6 June 1998.	0
At this point, the metrics-defined can be used to answer the main question of this paper, namely what is the performance decay (if any) when providing inputs in PDF format compared to other, more structured, formats?	0
The key features of this study include (1) a diagram highlighting the most prominent article subject categories and major topic MeSHs, (2) visual representation of the connections between article characteristics, (3) network analysis of the underlying relationships between articles according to major topic MeSHs, (4) evidence suggesting that major topic MeSHs are associated with the article citation frequency, and (5) a discussion of the features of the most-cited ADS articles that contributed to their frequent citation in the past 10 years.	1
These limitations notwithstanding, publications in high-impact academic journals do provide a relevant perspective to the internationalisation of political science.	0
If a reference did not have one of the elements, an NA was entered in that field.	0
Applying our approach opens up a new way of analysing impact through a series of generations of papers which might help shed light on processes that had previously been assumed to be happening but which had not been properly mapped.	1
The implementation of our approach including usage instructions can be found at GitHub under https://github.com/dbis-trier-university/Semantometrics.	0
This paper introduces a new measurement index entitled topic terms interdisciplinarity (TI) for interdisciplinarity topic mining</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>.	1
These findings from a fairly typical, large R1 university point to a potentially important difference between men and women in doctoral programs—namely, authorship of publications.	1
PubMed queries for University of New Mexico’s contribution rate formula [3]	0
Hence, this paper aims to fill this gap providing empirical evidence about the causes of the productivity gap in a specific field of knowledge -biochemical and biophysical sciences-.	1
This study examines another dimension of research in chemistry, collaboration and co-authorship.	1
This paper theoretically studied the role of bibliometric and scientometric analysis in evidence-based decision making and pointed out the necessity of transdisciplinary bibliometric research to adopt the above situation and requirements.	1
We want to ask you about your use of phone (including conference calls), letters (including paper memos), fax, voice mail, face-to-face, and e-mail (including Web pages and bulletin boards).	0
This study builds on the understanding of OA citation advantage (OACA) by incorporating gold OA publishing volume into a two-dimensional framework, resulting in the development of a "distance" metric.	1
This paper intends to provide ratification and quantitative evidence of this gap, and to be a first approach to describing its extent and evolution.	1
Therefore, we developed Ontology: CORES for modeling domain of research papers similarity.	1
Received 15 May 2019; Revised 18 September 2019; Accepted 8 November 2019; Published 2 December 2019	0
ACTION, an acronym for 'Awareness, ConnectiviTy Integration, and Networking' was defined by Vierkant et al., 2022, within the ORCID DE 2 project (Vierkant et al., 2022).	1
Finally, the IF Median has the additional advantage that there is no artificial ranking of 128 journals in the category but rather an attribution of journals to a limited number of classes with comparable impact.	1
5 Method 2 used a recursive technique to determine which database would add the next greatest number of unique records to the data set; Method 3 allocated the next database based on the original frequency of records in that database; Method 4 allocated the next database based on the DIALOG file number.	0
Acknowledgement - This research is in part supported by an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship.	0
2) It is the first study to compare the market power of journals in the subscription and OA markets empirically.	1
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
A double-blind review system, on the other hand, can ameliorate the problem.	1
Similar to the idea of normalized citation, which is also used in PageRank and SCEAS Rank, the author has modified the damping coefficient to incorporate the number of references in the citing paper, as shown in Eq.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
In comparison with life cycle analysis methods found in the literature, which estimate which stage of its life cycle an idea/technology is at, our method makes point estimate of the interest level based on the actual number of citations in a given year and the expected number of citations in the same year from simulations.	1
In contrast to its predecessor, the archetypal analysis, archetypoids always represent actual observed units in the data.	1
Our results clearly indicate distinctive individual-difference foundations of breadth and depth in job performance.	1
The availability of quantitative data in the evaluation process allows us to examine which set of quantitative factors played an important role in peer review evaluations across all units of assessments (UoAs hereafter), which quantitative variables were not important for peer reviewers in their evaluations, and whether the importance given to quantitative variables was different across different subject areas.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Not much literature is available on the concept of JPD, which was first used by Basu (2010) to measure the research output of a country published in its local journals.	0
H-index and SQI values for particular researchers are presented in Fig.	0
Received January 22, 2013; Accepted March 10, 2013; Published May 7, 2013	0
For historical reasons and different economic development environments, people from Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan are not included in either dataset.	0
Our results offer six interrelated contributions to this line of inquiry at two different levels of analysis: descriptive and theoretical.	1
This paper aims to open the black box of what lies beneath these observed quantity and quality patterns.	1
The first inference that stem from this analysis is that some elements of an invisible college do exist, arising from an interaction between academics in one institution that is a formal academic event, but also an informal encounter (Ph.D.	1
The present article fills this gap in the literature.	1
Table 2 displays the means over the investigated period (1989-1998) for both research fields.	0
The Board of Management and Trustees of the British Journal of Anaesthesia 2000	0
Finally, we address this study's contributions to the literature and discuss its limitations, as well as future research directions in e-commerce research.	0
Received September 1, 2011; revised October 3, 2011; accepted October 5, 2011	0
There is a dearth of literature examining the specific opinions of health and life sciences scholars around e-journal accessibility.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—December 2010	0
This study extends previous work that has attempted the random walk method on co-word networks (Chiu & Lu, 2015), and aims to provide a more comprehensive understanding of the metrics.	1
These variations have been described in (Ibekwe-SanJuan, 1998), we will recall them briefly here.	0
Focusing on 1,217 PhD-holding Portuguese academics, belonging to four public universities and to six disciplinary areas, inbreeding is analysed in order to understand whether it might be influenced by the age of the institution and by how long ago the disciplinary area was established in a particular institution.	1
There are no studies that specifically compare research output of Palearctic and Neotropical mammalogy; such comparison would be useful for informed decisions in conservation and management.	1
Received: 4 August 2022/Accepted: 1 March 2023/Published online: 27 March 2023	0
Prior studies include only a randomized sample of physicians in the field of plastic surgery, whereas our study includes nearly every academic plastic surgeon in the United States.	1
The networks studied are academic and do not include academic industry collaboration.	0
This has been found in the interviews within the study on internationalisation of public research in Germany (Edler, 2007).	0
The results are also important to information professionals who are increasingly playing an important role in research impact assessments.	1
2 A more detailed description of the survey can be found in Briviba et al.	0
The (unsurprising) existence of highly cited papers that predominantly attract citations from one article section is another novel type of finding, although it has been shown previously that highly cited papers can be mainly selected for methods purposes (Small, 2018).	1
This sample embodied a unique exemplar of excellence in nursing publication and warranted further bibliometric analysis, which was undertaken from February to May, 2018.	1
2 Standardized coefficients for structural equation model predicting outcomes in 2005.	0
It is framed by the field of scholarly communication within an African setting and by the emergent field of climate change which is fraught with debates and contestations, particularly regarding mitigation and adaptation.	1
The research begins by constructing a new source of data (for ourselves and other researchers who wish to use the data set).	1
This article will provide a global overview of the current research on coastal floods based on ISI (the Institute of Scientific Information) Web of Science information for the period 1995–2016.	1
Preliminary results of this study were presented at the 11th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators, Leiden, September 10th, 2010: Dag W.	0
1 Dendrogram of cluster analysis of 24 LIS journals in China	0
Rather than differentiate predatory journals from high-quality outlets at the title level, the priority of this study is to explore the application of librarian-created quality and credibility evaluation tools to library science publications.	1
In an attempt to bring balance to our understanding of the current disciplinary development of the LIS, our study focused on the disciplinary composition of the PhD granting ALA-accredited LIS programs not in the iSchool Caucus, or L-Schools.	1
First, it was one of the first few studies examining research productivity at the university level of Vietnamese science and technology universities.	1
Unlike research that hinges on traditional citation analysis, this study views each scholarly citation as multidimensional rather than logically unidimensional (i.e., present or absent).	1
These shortcomings aside, this is one of a few studies regarding title preference that involved participants directly.	1
The modified Zipf plot provides an easy way to estimate the values of the two exponents.	1
The previous examples have been constructed in such a way that they can also be used in the present discussion.	0
In this paper we return to the issue, but extending the scale and disciplinary scope of the population under observation, and also deepening the investigation in several respects, by testing: (i) the correlation between the citedness of a publication and the impact of the host journal, not just overall, but also at field level (RQ1); (ii) whether such correlation varies among researchers within each field (RQ2); (iii) whether this JIF-citedness correlation is stronger for highly cited rather than for lowly cited authors (RQ3).	1
For an exhaustive commentary and bibliography on studies that compare the coverage and bibliometric indicators available in the previously mentioned databases (especially for studies that involve Google Scholar), we refer to Halevi et al.	0
Whereas most of these studies have explored the determinants of performance of international collaboration papers across the quantity of co-authors or countries, our study aims to explore the determinants across the economic situations of countries.	1
The harmonic mean of the ranks of 11 RAMs were also presented for these 299 leading journals as a robust rankings method.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
Received 11 January 2024; Received in revised form 20 October 2024; Accepted 3 November 2024	0
This paper argues that quantitative science studies should frame their data and analyses with middle-range sociological theories and concepts.	1
Our study used a novel method and a unique perspective.	1
Bougrine for private communications on their respective work, comments prior to manuscript submission and making available the relevant publication list data mentioned in the text.	0
We also demonstrate how CPR can be efficiently implemented with Dimensions database API, and provide a publicly available web resource JYUcite, allowing anyone to retrieve CPR value for any output that has a DOI and is indexed in the Dimensions database.	1
This research was supported by the National Institutes of Health, CTSA, and the Institute for Translational Sciences at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston: 1UL1RR029876 UTMB CTSA (ARB).	0
Addressing the resulting lacuna, this article investigates the extent to which Australian universities replicate national PBRF indicators in their individual-level performance management frameworks for academic staff.	1
This would shed light on the Canadian-specific context of publication pressure, as previous literature has often grouped Canadian data with other countries such as the United States and United Kingdom [24].	1
This study offers three interrelated contributions to this area of inquiry.	1
The last author acknowledges the EC funded ViBRANT project (Grant RI-261532).	0
While tracking the migration of words through topic channels facilitates better understanding of topic evolution, the shifting context of words in association with topics has not been explored to our knowledge.	1
This is only a rough guide to what the world might expect in the years and decades to come.	0
Well developed, openly and digitally accessible national grant data of Estonian research allows generating a holistic picture of research funding within a country, which is often not accessible to larger countries.	1
We utilize Oracle clusters to conduct anonymous surveys, maintaining decentralization and transparency throughout the approach.	1
NJ number of journals, TP total publications, APJ average publications per journal	0
This paper compares the position and performance of Africans in international research networks, comparing a well-funded and internationally driven research network against a network developing organically with less funding and oversight.	1
To address this gap, this article investigates the inquiries and sanctions that followed accusations of fraud directed toward Dutch social psychologist Diederik Stapel in the early 2010s.	1
First, we develop a functional data analysis method for discrete count data, by combining principal component analysis and Poisson regression, while the prior literature of functional data analysis is dominated by analyzing continuous data.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declarated that no competing interests exist.	0
Table 3 displays the net change in rejection rates for each journal from the time the original article appeared to the resubmission date for this study.	0
With this article, we introduce an advanced methodological approach for the ex post evaluation of research centers.	1
The historical path of BRICS countries starts at the beginning of the 2000s, when the acronym Brazil, Russia, India, China (BRIC) was coined.	0
Our study suggests that the JIF is not an appropriate tool to assess the clinical relevance of medical research.	1
We have shown that scientists are poor at estimating the merit of a scientific publication; their assessments are error prone and biased by the journal in which the paper is published.	1
None have employed the broad mix of internet metrics, and more traditional citation-based indexes used here.	1
In this paper we use a combination of classical and new metrics to provide insights into key features of research in countries with relatively poor statistics.	1
In this follow-up study, we refine the method to ascertain whether the hypothesis holds after more than a decade of increased HMR funding and the publication of the 2013 HMR Report.	1
Authors' chosen terminology is used when the articles are referenced in the literature review.	0
We further develop a simple statistical model that describes scientific research as a random walk and that successfully captures empirical observations.	1
Utilizing a novel dataset drawn from both awardees and nominees in the case of high-tech enterprises' Ph.	1
Instead of focusing on open access policy compliance, concerns about both rigour and cost shifting in academic publishing might be better understood within the context of an academy that was already skewed towards an existing Global North elite where the pressure to publish has already created the conditions for the decay of slow and careful scholarship	1
However, to date there has been no reports that compared the input of KSA researchers to the rest of the world.	1
Our approach enriches previous works by examining how research and policy institutions seek to govern research affectively.	1
The authors thank the editor and the referees for very useful comments and acknowledge financial support from the PRIN Misura project.	0
This work was supported by USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture (1020537).	0
The issue is particularly relevant in the case of Medicine, because it might be argued that research excellence benefits from large scale activities, due to the organizational complexity and capital intensity of medical research.	0
It is termed as the -index and its key principle is that the sum of first ψ consecutive natural numbers adds up to ψ(ψ+1)/2.	1
Taken together, these six propositions form a theory on elite formation that can be tested.	0
The 27 subject fields are Agricultural and Biological Sciences, Arts and Humanities, Biochemistry, Business, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Computer Science, Decision Science, Dentistry, Earth and Planetary Sciences, Economics, Energy, Engineering, Environmental Science, Health Professions, Immunology and Microbiology, Multidisciplinary, Materials Science, Mathematics, Medicine, Neuroscience, Nursing, Pharmacology, Physics and Astronomy, Psychology, Social Sciences, and Veterinary.	0
(The broken line actually represents one- tenth of the annual information output, that is, the number of article pages published plus the number of convention presentations programmed annually by the APA divided by 10.)	0
We are also grateful to Stephen Bronars, George Carter, John McDowell, and participants at several seminars and in the SOLE Labor and Population Economics Internet Seminar for helpful suggestions.	0
The bibliometric analysis on the 100 top-cited articles in EM journals from WoS demonstrates some significant points, which can have important implications for researchers in evaluating and orienting their research.	1
As a main analysis tool we introduce an artificial intelligence procedure based on self-organizing neural networks.	1
1 Self-reported proportion of journal submissions written in English (last 3 years)	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.	0
Where GPNG stands apart from most platforms is that it is not a project that sets aside a certain number of seats on an editorial board for ECRs or mentors ECRs through the shadowing of pre-existing editors, all of which are important projects.	1
This article offers the first comprehensive evaluation of the intellectual structure and research contributions of the journal over its lifespan.	1
The ten indicators are: Cited paper, Uncited paper, Cited author, Uncited author, Cited author with uncited paper(s), Cited keywords, Uncited keywords, Topic, Partially uncited topic and Uncited topic.	1
However, up to now, there is no research for the JCEM journal based on the bibliometric methods.	1
Received 29 August 2005; revised 1 January 2006; accepted 2 January 2006	0
Department of Quantitative Methods and TIDES Institute, University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Campus de Tafira s/n, 35017 Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain	0
In this paper an alternative for comparing research output is offered by invoking comparisons with colleagues at the international level.	1
In particular, we show that particularistic variables such as country and discipline and universalistic variables such as editorial standards and scientific impact help to predict the probability of inclusion of a journal by WoS.	1
Thus, the set of all collaboration (cp) is a superset of three forms of collaboration (cip, cedp, cefp).	0
Relative sizes (%) of three psychological research traditions: Journal articles published in 2005.	0
Section 2 reviews the existing literature on academic mobility and career advancement followed by our hypotheses for testing.	0
Methodologically, the study identified influential terms in each domain using multiple feature selection indices.	1
a Departments have history Panel member in assessment of the same year	0
The PFL may offer a means of countering that effect.	1
Table 1 details the many naming issues that can occur throughout an academic career.	0
This study's primary contribution is an empirical description of the interdisciplinarity and visualization of the journal distribution of the iSchools.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Our study provides a deeper understanding of the factors that contribute to inappropriate authorship practices, with the goal of developing a more comprehensive set of solutions to these problems.	1
For helpful discussions and comments, the authors are grateful to Emiliano Carlevaro, Simon Chang, Shawn Chen, Kevin Fox, Dan Hamermesh, Izan, Alison Preston, Sharon Purchase, Saroja Selvanathan, Diana Soetjipto, Lee Tate, Rod Tyers and participants at seminars at ANU and UWA.	0
Henceforth, all references to results in the Additional file 1 have a prefix “S” (e.g.	0
As a proxy to analyse regional networks for knowledge production, we use the joint participation of researchers in self-declared research projects in their CVs.	1
The R packages used in these calculations and visualizations mainly contained “bibliometrix” (Aria and Cuccurullo 2017), "stringr", "car”, and “ggpubr”.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/372205046	0
The author would be pleased to share the BASIC program used in this study with any requester.	0
Here, we revealed the complexities of the dynamical interactions among different influence factors and different components of journal citation.	1
Very similar to this approach, the study at hand takes a step towards a more in-depth understanding of how the resources and ideas introduced by bibliometric indicators influence the evaluative practices of department heads and evaluators, thus entailing potential gender consequences.	1
This study provided a Bayesian model, which has two functions.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:412925 []	0
This paper focuses on the evaluation of the scientific online journal PLOS ONE (formerly PLoS ONE), investigating the research question how its standing in the scientific community is evaluated and whether there are different dimensions each having specific indicators of journal evaluation.	1
This study has provided the first map of global research on graduate education using bibliographic data from the Web of Science.	1
It was a profound shock for his friends and colleagues to hear this tragic news.	0
Institution-Type Differentials in Percentage of Tenured Faculty with PhDs from Top 26 Universities, by Years of Experience.	0
Originality/value – It can identify some outstanding scholars who are engaged in small-scale or emerging topic research such as female sports and are excellent in different research areas.	1
Note: Only journals with explicit authorship guidelines were included in the analysis for the reported results	0
While the findings of this study are pertinent to the ITAL reader, some of the terminology used throughout the study may be unfamiliar.	0
After a brief insight into the origins and the purpose of preprints in science, we conducted a concrete analysis of the concrete situation, aiming at providing an answer to several questions.	1
Moreover, recent trends in adult hip research remain unclear.	1
How to cite this article: Sharma K, Rani M, Sharma L.	0
One of the special functions of CSSCI is to analyze the research features of humanities and social sciences from the perspective of citation index.	1
In this study, we introduce a new metric called "MAATrica," which serves as the foundation for an innovative method designed to evaluate research papers.	1
Received: 22 November 2013/Accepted: 27 February 2014/Published online: 21 March 2014	0
Our dataset is large enough to have the statistical power necessary to detect small but meaningful gender differences in outcomes.	1
Figure 1 shows a simple example of paper citation network with 4 vertices (publications) and five directed edges (citations).	0
In the LIS field, previous studies have often discussed the evolution of research methods from a qualitative perspective.	1
and u?, and corresponding to the average number of emitted references per article in journals i and j, respectively.	1
The level of consistency of the discipline rankings generated by two bibliometric methods	0
Together, these results provide new insights in informing future policies and guidelines related to supporting international collaboration and, ultimately, shared pandemic challenges.	1
observe the FS squishing in a gas of Er atoms, which behave like tiny magnets and align with their magnetic field environment.	1
This exploratory mixed-methods study fills a gap in the peer review literature concerning the skills needed by peer reviewers of research funding proposals.	1
Institute for Scientific Information, 132 High Street, Uxbridge, Middlesex UB8 1DP, England	0
Yet no study to date, to our knowledge, has evaluated the success of the OREF grant programs at enabling accrual of subsequent extramural funding or variables that may improve the rate of that success.	1
For example, citation data can only be collected for the first author.	0
Methodologically, this work presents the challenge of estimating the population of GSC using a capture-recapture method.	1
Appendix: Internet Sources for Journal Rankings (Retrieved on December 12, 2008)	0
Totals in the tables do not necessarily add up to 100% because not all respondents answered every question.	0
9—The fraction of papers with more than five authors in each of the seven journals.	0
Abbreviations: R = Rank; Oc = Author keyword occurrences; Co = Author keyword co-occurrences links.	0
Received October 13, 2001; Revised March 11, 2002; accepted March 25, 2002	0
Therefore, any conclusion on incremental collaboration with increasing number of nodes is neither trivial nor straightforward.	0
Table 7 lists the top journals according to their number of publications and number of citations.	0
Usually there is only a minor indexing delay and most articles have identical publication and indexing years.	0
This is a reality of academic life necessary for career progression.?	0
Assessment of 18 indicators by means of a reference set 1 of authors (born 1940–1945).	0
The authors wish to thank Tamea Marlett and Pamela Jarvis for their help in preparation of this manuscript.	0
Received December 31, 2012; Accepted May 5, 2013; Published June 20, 2013	0
The rule is: the lesser the benefit, the more autonomous the country.	0
The main difference between the SBM methods and the conventional network clustering is that the SBM methods can be used to detect a variety of mesoscale structures-not just dense subgraphs.	1
The raw data regarding this study will be provided upon reasonable request from the corresponding author.	0
Hence the combination of the two methods of applied analysis not only serves to identify a wider range of institutional relationships but also to highlight gaps in the generation of content that is indicative of existing relationships.	1
This growth also characterizes the material covered by IHP for most of the period.	0
A detailed assessment is presented of the technological impact of research publications in social sciences and humanities (SSH).	1
However, there may be a way forward with contributorship, but then, the level of detail needs to increase considerably and its application be standardized.	1
Citation matrix of ten journals citing Environment and Plannning B within the Social Science Citation Index 2004	0
Centro de Información y Documentación Científica (CINDOC), SIC, Joaquín Costa 22, E-28002 Madrid (Spain)	0
Received 8 February 2000; received in revised form 5 April 2000; accepted 9 April 2000	0
the 10 years prior (ASCR≥10) may be a useful tool to identify researchers who have modified their self-citation practices opportunistically.	1
This is the first scientometric study of the performance of social science research on COVID-19.	1
In this manuscript, we conceptually and empirically validate a meaningful distinction between two types of knowledge-worker productivity, and identify key individual differences and mediators that relate to them.	1
Secondly, unlike other non-open access journals that have only a few OA articles, before it became fully open access in September, 2014, Nature Communications not only had non-OA papers, but also had a large amount of OA papers.	0
For the most part, user demand is driven by faculty who request the subscriptions for journals and who assign or recommend journals to students.	0
Funding: This study is part of the project "Open science in Spain: A global approach to assess its degree of implementation" (RTI2018-094360-B- I00) financed by the State Plan for Scientific and Technical Research and Innovation, of the Ministry of Science, Innovation and Universities of Spain.	0
This article presents a compilation of recent research on FAW, including relevant studies from prominent journals and countries, as well as their associated organizations.	1
The authors are solely responsible for any remaining error and omission.	0
Most importantly, the intervention is designed to mimic the natural process of encountering a paper and tweeting about it, to see whether this typical intervention has an impact on the tweeted paper.	1
Received: 26 September 2007 / Accepted: 5 March 2008 / Published online: 21 March 2008	0
In order to answer this question in this paper, some characteristics of the documents published in OA by authors with Brazilian affiliation in the period 2012–2016 were analyzed, in particular the APC prices distribution, the nationality and the nature of the journals.	1
The contemporary methodology of the f2-index, even in its simplified form, can offer a more thorough perspective on bibliometric trends, by integrating data from many sources beyond conventional rankings.	1
Overall, this paper illustrates how to derive more indicators for different quality dimensions of scholarly work.	1
An increase in the number of non-predatory journals that cater to these authors' needs might help resolve the apparent problem of unmet demand for journal space.	1
In conclusion, this study proposes a new bibliometric measure of originality.	1
This study develops the literature by using case 1 Best-Worst Scaling with a large, international sample using 2 criteria: the career impacts of publishing in journals, and the impact beyond academia of papers published therein.	1
The error bar represents a 95% confidence interval for the mean value per gender.	0
The analyses were performed with the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) software (version 20.0, SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL).	0
However, a global audience does not necessarily mean an English-fluent audience.	0
Distribution of K Awardees Receiving an RO1 or U10 Grant Over Time	0
The interested reader is referred to Smith (2004) for a discussion on the role of Web links versus citations.	0
The main advantage is a computationally lightweight scheme that does not require any data storage [8] .	1
We sought to clarify research productivity of surgeon-scientist training program graduates and compare research publication in peer-reviewed journals between residents and surgeons completing clinical-only training to those obtaining a Masters or PhD degree.	1
For example, an h-Index of 5 means that five publications have been cited five or more times.	0
We then present the results of applying the framework to the top HEIs in the two categories of HEIs, followed by our conclusions.	0
Also, the convex or concave functional relation between two PP(θ) values is explained.	1
1 This research has been supported in part by National Science Foundation Grant GN-655.	0
If you believe that this document breaches copyright please contact us (research.lib@cbs.dk) providing details, and we will remove access to the work immediately and investigate your claim.	0
Our findings urge for interpreting these effects as signaling science relatedness, rather than direct knowledge spillovers.	1
The paper is structured as follows: the first section presents a literature review related to our topic research; the following section contains the methodology, describing data collection methods, the sample, and the research instrument used; in the third section, which presents the results, we discuss and analyse the factors that influence the participation and success rate in research funding competitions; the last section summarizes the conclusions of our research.	0
Citation: Mietchen D (2014) The Transformative Nature of Transparency in Research Funding.	0
To this purpose we employ a unique dataset encompassing the entire population of non-medical laser-related doctoral dissertations completed at German universities over a period of about 45 years.	1
In this section, we begin in the first subsection by summarizing the findings and drawing conclusions from this study.	0
The authors would also like to thank our colleagues, Liying Yang, Yajuan Zhao, Junpeng Yuan, and Jielan Ding, from the National Science Library, Chinese Academy of Sciences, for their advice and suggestions and Mengge Sun for assistance with data collection.	0
The examinations for each of the hypotheses are reported in the following section.	0
Given our analysis, we conclude that it is highly probable that the national ranking lists produced by the exercise will be strongly distorted by the types of errors noted above, with negative consequences for the subsequent distribution of financing, and further effects completely contrary to the logic of incentivizing for which the VQR was conceived.	1
The two aspects of our study are discussed in the next sections.	0
This paper empirically establishes that a scholar's publications are more likely to be cited by papers in a journal that is edited by the scholar.	1
Instead of a growing asymmetry in favour of the largest cities' visibility, the circulation of scientific information has become increasingly balanced, both on a global and on a national scale.	1
The results in Table 3 also reveal that the average citation rates decline over time in most cases, as the citation window gets smaller.	0
It unveils, for the first time, the promotional effects of disruptive innovation on societal visibility from a multidimensional perspective, and subsequently offering feasible research pathways for related causal inferences.	1
6 where the relationship coefficients of the SEM models (structural equation modeling) for the two samples are presented (Path coefficients of the SEM models for the two samples).	0
This study enriches and improves basic theoretical issues and indicators composition of academic journals' discourse power, provides theoretical support for the construction of academic journals' discourse power evaluation system, and provides ideas for the evaluation practice activities.	1
Received 28 July 2021; Received in revised form 14 March 2022; Accepted 5 May 2022	0
Citation: Lefebvre M, Renard J (2016) The Circulation of Scientific Articles in the Sphere of Web-Based Media: Citation Practices, Communities of Interests and Local Ties.	0
We discuss the role of public hospitals in innovation and in economic and social development, and identify this role as a 'fourth mission' of hospitals in addition to their widely recognized threefold function of healthcare provision, education and research.	1
The R software version 3.6.2, ‘Dark and Stormy Night’ was used throughout the analysis.	0
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
Although several studies have been conducted to explore factors associated with citation counts of articles in other scientific fields, 2,5–14 no such bibliometric analysis of the vascular literature has been previously performed.	1
Edited by Anthony Van Raan, Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands, and accepted by Editorial Board Member Adrian E.	0
The procedure is very general and can be simply applied to any type of classification and/or any type of numerical indicator based on citations.	0
However, the Web is not a true library, and problems of the persistence of links have been reported in the literature, leading some researchers to question the usefulness of Web citations in scholarly literature (Germain, 2000) and popular literature such as printed Internet guides (Kitchens & Mosley, 2000).	0
We follow the analysis techniques and measures popular in the ColNet literature in addition to less common techniques and measures such as the ones we proposed in [1, 5].	1
Do the co-authors work in a collegial manner, or is their work a mentoring or directing type of arrangement?	0
B. Phillips (2016) Meritocracy Voting: Measuring the Unmeasurable, Econometric Reviews, 35:1, 2-40, DOI: 10.1080/07474938.2014.956633	0
However, while these conditions are technical and hard to interpret when applied to abstract subsets of product sets, they yield a natural and appealing interpretation when translated into the language of scholar rankings.	1
The target population for the current study consisted of editorial board members from leading peer-reviewed journals in the disciplines of accounting, economics, finance,	0
Therefore, this study takes the "author" as the unit of analysis to conduct a country-level research evaluation, which mainly focus on the global publishing trend of multinational authorship papers, and their research contribution patterns that derived from the transformation of author roles.	1
A new approach is suggested in the present study for determining the constant B, based on the concept of choosing a reference university (RU).	1
The data underlying the results presented in the study is not immediately public.	0
Numerical data were presented as medians with interquartile ranges, calculated as a difference between the 75th and 25th percentile and used as an indicator of data variability.	0
The study explains the contemporary role of early productivity in the operation of the reward system of science and scholarship.	1
Previous studies only focused on online evaluation but our platform LICIEXAM, together with its associated methodology and protocol, can handle exam versioning in simultaneous online and in-person evaluations.	1
Robert Freeland, Saul Halfon, David Hess, and Kelly Joyce provided feedback to the earlier draft.	0
Christophe Weymuth (formerly at the Institute of Organic Chemistry at the University of Zurich, now at BIOSYNTH AG in Switzerland) for investigating the manuscripts rejected by Angewandte Chemie and published elsewhere.	0
Acknowledgments Significant research assistance in data treatment, software to facilitate the analyses, and development of visualizations was provided by Jon Garner and Webb Myers.	0
Finally, we visualize the cognitive structure of both countries using a 2-mode network representing research focus areas (RFAs) and prominent authors working in these RFAS.	1
All correlations analyzed were positive and significant, between publications and citations and between reason and publishing service with impact factor, demonstrating the importance of publications in breeding values for the impact factor of journals.	1
This article is published online with Open Access and distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
We would like to thank Tom Des Forges and Ros Dignon from F1000 for providing us with the F1000Prime dataset.	0
We analyze the largest connected component of researchers in the Shodhganga-AGN.	1
In contrast to citation data, usage data and social media analytics can provide information not just about the volume of a book's use but also about the audiences who are engaging with it, how and why.	1
To our best knowledge, this is the first study investigating objectively verified publications rates as a result of undergraduate mandatory research experiences, together with associated factors and postgraduate outcomes in over 2000 medical students.	1
In investigating what makes these European countries successful in science, we identified the long-term development yet differential elaboration of research universities and research institutes.	1
However, our analysis proved that the publication of these notes boosted in 2013, mostly because of self-corrections in PLOS One.	1
This article examines three decades of publication statistics to provide an understanding of its development and a brief look at its possible future.	1
Taking a different approach than the conventional bibliometric analyses, Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) technique was employed in order to extract semantic content and identify topics underlying under the paper's titles and the journal's names.	1
The main contribution of the paper is in showing that administrative barriers to mobility of the skilled also distort knowledge flows at the aggregate level.	1
The global bibliometric technique, unlike local bibliometric techniques, is designed so that it is possible to test forecast accuracy over tens of thousands of forecasts (important to TFSC, but not of central interest to the field of bibliometrics).	1
*p < 0.05, * * p < 0.01, * * *p < 0.001.	0
The journals in Table 5 are ranked based on the number of respondents that have referred to that particular journal.	0
We contend that the research contribution of institutions should include the research of their doctoral graduates and their affiliated faculty.	1
In this article, the first science mapping analysis of the whole social work research field is presented over time.	1
“Generation, diffusion and exploitation of knowledge are at the core of the research system” (EC, 2007, p.	0
The members of both teams explicitly agreed to the observation of their communications and collaboration patterns at the time of the projects.	0
A machine learning-based framework is contrived to perform sentiment analysis for in-text citations of research articles.	1
The eleven authors/research participants of this paper are all contracted, tenure-track or tenured education faculty who are part of a larger long-term writing group (see Badenhorst et al., 2013).	0
1 Self-citations are citations from an article to other articles from the same journal.	0
Kraus MLS (2002) Citation Patterns of Advanced Undergraduate Students in Biology, 2000-2002, Science & Technology Libraries, 22:3-4, 161-179, DOI: 10.1300/J122v22n03_13	0
It is the first time that bibliometric analysis tool is applied in TES field.	1
It was the intention of this study to explore the following aspects:	0
This new way to manipulate citation counts relies on metadata manipulations which leave the original text untouched.	1
Our findings therefore contribute to the ongoing debates on how research and researchers should be assessed, shedding light on emerging assessment practices and providing various actions to foster responsible and fair research(er) assessment procedures.	1
Funding from the European Commission (IST Programme FP5) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The correlation coefficients for journal influence, timeliness, and total evaluation score are shown in Table 6.	0
For the minimum spanning tree computation, Prim's algorithm is used (Prim 1957).	0
In response, this research is an attempt to explore the distribution of library holding data across work formats and investigate the availability of library print holdings and library electronic holdings for books as constituents of the library holding metric across fields and over time and compared with other book metrics.	1
The list of all possible contributions was obtained from the information provided by authors who published in the PLoS One journal.	0
Subfield: 1-Computer systems and high-performance computing; 2—Computer networks; 3—Network and information security; 4-Software engineering/software/pro- gramming language; 5-Databases, data mining, and content retrieval; 6—Theoretical computer science; 7—Computer graphics and multimedia; 8—Artificial intelligence and pattern recognition; 9-Human-computer interaction and ubiquitous computing	0
1 American Institute of Biological Sciences - Scientific Peer Advisory and Review Services Division, Reston, Virginia, United States of America, 2 Florida State University, Department of Biological Science, Tallahassee, Florida, United States of America	0
This paper investigates GS versions as an alternative source for a scholarly article.	1
The present study has identified some novel aspects of cooperative practices, with the cases of Brazil and China emerging as especially relevant.	1
The approach is capable of accounting for different scale levels (numeric, ordinal) and partial intersections of the journal sets included in the aggregation.	1
Conceptualization: ML and YB; methodology: ML, NZ, and SY; formal analysis: ML; writing (original draft preparation): ML; writing (review and editing): ML, YB, and NZ; visualization: ML; supervision: ML, YB, and NZ.	0
Not all percentages across discipline areas add up to 100 due to rounding	0
This study extends their conclusions to the global academic community.	1
The plan of the remainder of the paper is as follows.	0
The Research Excellence Framework (REF, see http://www.ref.ac.uk) is a peer-review based regular assessment of the quality of research emanating from universities and higher education institutes (HEI) in the UK.	0
This study proposes an approach to detect Topical Scientific Communities (TSCs) with both topology and topic features by applying machine learning techniques and network theory.	1
This paper contributes to the design of knowledge exchange communities by highlighting the opportunities and challenges arising from explicit reputation-based reward systems, specifically the opportunities for manipulation.	1
This paper offers a somewhat different approach to these two core concerns by adapting established practices from parametric statistics.	1
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Substructure-based graph embedding methods enable us to reveal research interests and expertise of institutes/scholars.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
This study was made possible through a grant by FAPESP (Research Foundation from Sao Paulo State, Brazil).	0
2 School of Information, Kent State University, Kent, OH 44242, USA	0
The people in the third category were dropped from our list of referees, unless there was a good reason for the delay.	0
However, the extant literature has not considered that the effect of RC can not be efficiently assessed if the level of development of the research and innovation system (RIS) of the collaborating countries is disregarded.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/1468-4527.htm	0
L'inflation du nombre d'auteurs qui touche la science contemporaine pose toutefois des questions inédites :	1
The contribution of this study to scientometric research is to demonstrate fault tolerance with multivariate rankings.	1
Grateful thanks to all those who have contributed to this research, in particular the two anonymous external reviewers of the study and the three anonymous reviewers of this article.	0
A limitation of the study is that it only covered two countries (albeit countries that are very different from one another), so whether our conclusion can be generalized to other countries is not entirely clear.	0
However, when the relations between local social science and global science are observed from the point of view of the local space of a particular dependent and semi-peripheral country, Chile, the picture is more balanced than when observed from the perspective of the central indexing devices.	1
N refers to total number of articles selected according to inclusion criteria, while n refers to sample size.	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Angel Bravo on 21 September 2017.	0
Also, please indicate if you have ever published in a journal by checking the appropriate slot.	0
Received: 2 June 2021 / Accepted: 14 February 2022 / Published online: 12 March 2022	0
This study provides a novel approach for the analysis of research impact and research goal orientation within the anti-doping research landscape.	1
Number in parenthesis refers to the question number in the questionnaire as shown in Table 3.	0
6 The attention of open access journal received by social platform	0
our study is the first to compare the pre- and postretraction productivity, impact, and collaboration practices of all individual co-authors of retracted papers.	1
Parts of the research underlying this paper have been carried out within a joint European project 'Innovation Systems and European Integration' funded by the Targeted Socio-Economic Research (TSER) program of the European Commission (DG XII) (contract no.	0
To address this problem, we introduce, in this paper, a method that combines the use of percentiles as a normalization tool with a Monte Carlo simulation.	1
The aim of this study was to combine both approaches from these previous studies and qualitatively examine the foci of comments made by reviewers and editors during peer review and quantify the effect of this process on the content of manuscripts between preprint and published versions for a sample of social science document pairs.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cedr20	0
Third, we investigate whether such commitment is related to not only productivity and grant activity in general, but also whether it affects interdisciplinary activity in particular.	1
We provide a novel analysis direction that explores the potential value of citation data, which models citation behaviour.	1
Despite recent evidence that Microsoft Academic is an extensive source of citation counts for journal articles, it is not known if the same is true for academic books.	1
Comparative result of EM-index sequences and EM'-index sequence of top four authors with their tail articles citation distributions.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License.	0
There is a need for bibliographic methods to adapt to better identify and classify these valuable non-journal output types.	1
The DDD method has the advantage that it can deal with concerns regarding self-selection at the institutional level that could imply that more productive universities might be more likely to register with OARE.	1
citations / articles as the numerator/denominator of the quotient).	1
To clarify, “citation” in this work is the sum of the citations in every published work (reported in WoS citations database as above introduced) during the first three years (i.e., 2012, 2013, and 2014) after the publication year (i.e., 2011) of the original communication.	0
This study provided a large-scale analysis exploring the relationship between human development and gender equity indicators with scientometric measures.	1
Downloaded from jmd.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on April 10, 2015	0
This allows us to show a comprehensive breakdown of such publications by countries and disciplines over time, and provide an overview of indicators for PPJ, as compared to non-PPJ sources.	1
The authors thank Nele Dexters, Ella Roelant and Danny Vindevogel for their assistance.	0
The evaluation of journals according to the proposed models has the advantage of taking into account both the number of citations, similar to the IF, and their quality, which the AIS attempts to capture.	1
(I return to the values provided for the prediction of 1992 in the right-hand column.)	0
In a few cases the publication analysis of cited records was extended to include the most recent period 2010–11.	0
Finance and Accounting, ESC Rennes, 2 rue Robert d'Arbrissel CS 76522, Rennes Cedex F-35065, France.	0
The third component (Citations and saves) is not perceptible in this representation.	0
This means that JBUON is now a truly international scientific journal.	1
This study stands apart from previous research by prioritizing the academic age of authors and employing a rigorous regression analysis to control for pivotal variables, thereby bolstering the reliability and robustness of our findings.	1
Our results show that conservation science journals largely fail to meet the FOA standards.	1
In Figures 2 and 3 we see, not surprisingly, that the number of citations decreases in more recent years.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59(10):1631–1643, 2008	0
Regardless, most prior effort was largely static, lacking of dynamic perspective when interpreting the data or results.	1
It does not reflect the opinions of the Journal of Financial Economics, the University of Rochester, or the National Bureau of Economic Research.	0
Some of the suggestions to improve the existing conditions and strengthen the growth rate of ETDs in Asia are also presented.	1
The differentiation between emerging and declining themes requires a prospective evaluation of their centrality.	0
To this extent, we proposed a suite of metrics aiming to measure these health indicators.	1
Determinants of co-authorship are estimated based on a novel database considering all academic economists with a position in a French university in 2004.	1
In addition to the above, we would like to discuss the bibliometrics results using R (Biblioshiny) of author-country collaboration (Table 1) that highlights single-country partnership (SCP) and multi-country partnership (MCP).	0
The story wall of each paper is explained in more detail in Appendix 2.	0
To cite this article: Sanjib Ghosh & Bijan Kumar Roy (2021) Webometric analysis of open access digital repository of agricultural sciences in Asia, COLLNET Journal of Scientometrics and Information Management, 15:1, 107-132, DOI: 10.1080/09737766.2021.1938743	0
The mechanisms used are discussed in detail in the following paragraphs.	0
The proof of this and the other results can be found in the Appendix.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
However, the results clearly show the benefits of using both esteem-based and bibliometric analyses together for the accurate definition of research strengths.	1
Of course, the thresholds of what counts as “sufficiently" high or low are vague and vary depending on the context.	0
The times published reflects the times faculty published an item within the all publications outcome and is not restricted to original articles only.	0
Here we demonstrate that by catalyzing universal motivation ("why we engage") and moving from disciplinary to inter-disciplinary to undisciplinary approaches ("how we engage" and “where we engage”), we can generate new and more effective ways of engagement.	1
We are going to follow a new approach to describe the time-dependent performance of an author.	1
selections in the context of organizational careers, knowledge production and knowledge dissemination.	0
Using empirical data, I demonstrate that the increase of the h-index with time after a given point of time (e.g.	1
This interaction can prove especially difficult in the context of relationships between partners of unequal rank or value, where one person is more senior, or possesses a less central role in the overall project.	0
''Hypotheses Development and Literature Review'' section discusses the hypothesis development and literature review.	0
The kids are passionate, they use the archive on a daily basis.	0
Comments, reader's correspondence, book chapters, and chapters in conference proceedings were not counted and excluded from the selection.	0
This includes a new ECR committee and events to educate and incorporate ECRs into the current framework for multidisciplinary research at the university.	1
b Not available in the ISI ranking albeit usually recognized as a top journal in the discipline	0
Conflict of interest The author has no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
It is a word reserved for persons like Bose and Saha, and is not to be applied to people like me who are just practising science as a profession.	0
International collaboration, present in more than half of the publications, is highly significant and unusual in Brazilian science.	1
We replicated the NIH peer-review process to examine the qualitative and quantitative judgments of different reviewers examining the same grant application.	1
Also, the lack of correlation between the INIQUIS and the bibliometric indicators signals a very relevant possibility: research findings do not influence the reality of the Public Health situation at ground level as much as policy-makers might wish to believe.	1
There exist no formal analysis or study related to contributory impacts of MDG/SDG campaigns towards the mitigation of global Vibrio/cholera outbreaks.	1
Data files for all analyses are provided in Excel format in Online Supplementary Tables 1 and 2.	0
The analyses presented in this paper are critical components to disclose the mutually reinforcing relationship among competitiveness and sustainable development, especially in the tourism sector.	1
In the library context it is customary to consider annual statistics so that it is convenient to take one year as the unit of time in §1 so that we have	0
Received: 27 May 2022 / Accepted: 14 November 2022 / Published online: 19 December 2022	0
The scientific community requires the review of manuscripts by peers, and it is assumed that they will be selected for publication based on their merits and suitability.	0
In the next section, the literature on the relation between academic mobility, scientific productivity, and collaboration is detailed.	0
2 E-journal here refers to journals in purely electronic format, not electronic spin-offs of print publications.	0
This article combines the two major characteristics of core patents: international layout as well as frequency of citations, so as to combine horizontal and vertical to screen out the core patents of nano-luminescent materials, which is basic for utilization and diffusion of nano-luminescent material application technology.	1
In relation to theory, this article has proposed two new concepts.	1
Ideally, authorship practice in a medical school, such as the Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, and in a large university hospital, such as the Oslo University Hospital should follow generally accepted international guidelines.	0
Finally, the main contribution of this study is the high relation of a selected set of social variables on the country's research production.	1
Our main goal was to show how different aspects of university research potential can be measured and visualized.	1
Received: 19 April 2023 | Accepted: 11 August 2023 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 5 September 2023	0
3 Scholarly publications citing the ‘Novoselov paper’ disaggregated into science levels	0
In the following discussion, we are using the terminology of “non-self-citations” which means all the remaining citations when self-citations were removed from the overall received citations.	0
The subsection provides the mathematical proof and examples to illustrate how to consider the citation preference in MPA.	0
Second, we place our findings in context by comparing the Chinese research performance both with the other members of the BRIC group, and with three established, productive nations for computer science research, i.e.	1
We opine that the mechanisms that determine productivity distributions are different from preferential attachment models which explain citation success.	1
An interesting finding is that we still obtain a good predictive performance despite of ignoring the historical relevance scores of institutions.	1
The D-A-T tracking path makes it feasible to describe the evolution of science and technology from an applications- oriented point of view.	1
An impact component of research assessment in the UK appeared for the first time in REF 2014, executed through institutional submissions of impact templates which detailed the whole unit approach to creating impact, and case studies which provided detail of specific examples of impact.	1
It has been observed that the academic activities have been shifter to an online teaching for the last 2 years.	0
For example, should otolaryngologists have a smaller or declining proportion of research support for rhinosinusitis, this analysis may serve as a "wake-up call" for increasing initiatives aimed at preparing young physician scientists for the rigorous grant review process, as practitioners in better-funded specialties may have greater opportunities to shape advances in the field and serve as an advocate for their approaches.	1
The list is sorted based on the frequencies of collaboration value (#Col column)	0
Crosby was not involved in any way with the editorial process or decision.	0
There are no known citation analyses of aerospace engineering faculty publications.	1
But underlying all of these, and unifying its content, is the primacy of measurement.	0
1 Share of monograph authors per number of monographs for the humanities and the social sciences (2000–2011)	0
The top 20 countries/territories were ranked by number of articles (Table 2).	0
This paper contributes to this question by investigating links between international mobility, research career stage progression and job changes.	1
No meta-analysis has been published and no work (in our understanding) has integrated the conflicting explanations into a single empirical (let alone theoretical) model.	1
Figures 1, 2, and 3 show graphs of the numbers in Table 1.	0
Based on the value of the Jaccard index (not exceeding 0.2), a significant discrepancy was found in energy research areas in almost all countries that cooperated with Russia (except for 0.46 in Kazakhstan).	1
We present an online-based research initiative in Mexico that aims to reduce the research gap in neurosurgery.	1
The table compares journals with open and closed editorial boards (OB's and CB's, respectively).	0
Received July 26, 2013; revised December 1, 2013; accepted December 2, 2013	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Five years after the implementation, our analysis of RCR instructional plans for 91 top U.S. research universities shows that the majority of these universities have not implemented these best practices in their plans.	1
For example, if the first generation paper cites the original paper as one of 10 cites and the second generation paper cites the first generation paper as one of 20 cites, then the estimated influence of the original on the second generation paper is (1/10)(1/20)=1/200.	0
The study provides some new insights such as peak years of anonymous authors’ publications, the predominant language in which unknown authors have published frequently, and the majority of the papers on this nature have appeared in prestigious journals with high impact factors.	1
To evaluate this, we developed a novel methodology.	1
To investigate this research question, we propose extensions of recently used item-response theory models for the estimation of researcher performance capacity.	1
More specifically, we present a technique ICRT (Issue-based Clustering with Reference Titles), which employs titles of the references cited by articles to conduct issue-based clustering.	1
Javier Tarango, Calle José de Gálvez 6707, Rincones de San Francisco, Chihuahua 31115, Chihuahua, Mexico.	0
Perspectives in Biology and Medicine, 42, 1 Autumn 1998 | 95	0
Received March 26, 2015; revised June 2, 2015; accepted June 3, 2015	0
No benefits in any form have been received or will be received from a commercial party related directly or indirectly to the subject of this article.	0
Scientists tend to be busy and certainly cannot spare too much time for interviews.	0
Cross tabulation of these four categories by a collapsed scale (combining not mentioned with barely mentioned) produced a chi square of 60.70 with 6 degrees of freedom, significant at the 0.001 level.	0
FIGURE 4 Average change in groups of 10 (ranked by total publications, 1996–2015) [Colour figure can be viewed at wileyonlinelibrary.com]	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
Table 3 lists 30 topics labeled by the top five words with the highest associations for each topic.	0
By bringing attention to the perceptions and uses of journal lists by academics themselves, we hope to help inform wider debates about the merits or demerits of these lists, and how these assessment mechanisms are understood, used and shaped by the academics upon which they are imposed.	1
This work shows that the overall size of the computer science community has increased by a factor of ten in the time period 1991–2020, with China and India enjoying the highest growth.	1
The SEM analysis of IS utilization model is depicted in Fig.	0
The threshold for statistical significance was set at p < 0.05 in each analysis.	0
The results of this study provide a more detailed understanding of the vicious cycle for females in academia.	1
The text within the brackets was manually added to the reference by the authors.	0
Alan L Porter, David J Schoeneck, David Roessner and Jon Garner	0
Overall, we have a robust protocol for identifying long-lasting research papers.	1
This was a retrospective bibliometric analysis study obviating the need for ethical review.	0
Helpful comments were received from Phil Mirowski, Esther-Mirjam Sent, David Kaiser, and an anonymous reviewer.	0
AI = 1 indicates that the phase’s policy effort in the given category corresponds precisely to the average of the phases; AI > 1 reflects higher than average effort, while AI < 1 is lower than average effort dedicated to the category.	0
This becomes more complicated as the selection criteria may vary from one discipline to another.	0
It employs perspectives from the Sociology of (E-) Valuation to make sense of highly visible critiques that organize the current discourse.	1
The interviews reveal the critical role students ascribe to the PI in shaping the lab culture.	1
By using the SDGs as a thematic framework instead of traditional academic disciplines, our analysis provides a different perspective more suited to the mission-oriented nature of policymaking.	1
The analyses, based on articles published in journals indexed by Scopus may not capture some national, regional or specialized journals not included in the database.	0
Applying the implicit function rule to equation (6) yields the following proposition.	0
We recommend that efforts are made among the OECD member countries to produce more reliable and commensurable international R&D statistics.	1
In this paper, a new research impact index is proposed using the fuzzy set theory and stamped as ‘the normalised fuzzy index (NFindex)’.	1
This study provides empirical evidence of the limitations in the WoS FA information collection.	1
A study of the ways in which Russia and China configure their innovation policies presents a valuable addition to the prevalent literature which is dominated by the Western experience, understanding and practice.	1
We hope our work will provide a basis for predicting the number of citations of conference papers in the field of AI.	1
Despite many studies reporting ongoing citation of retracted papers, few have considered the issue of citation of papers that are subsequently retracted i.e.	1
Here, we highlight the extensive use of predatory publications or editorial board involvement by applicants applying for a faculty position in the Pharmaceutical Sciences department at the Bill Gatton College of Pharmacy at East Tennessee State University.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):–, 2015	0
This paper presents a new global patent map that represents all technological categories and a method to locate patent data of individual organizations and technological fields on the global map.	1
Fourthly, we extend the dimension of local environment characteristics by showing that matching quality measured by the share of peers working in the same sub-field has no effect on productivity.	1
The current analysis demonstrates a median h-index of 23 for editorial board members of Radiology journals.	1
In response to the gap in knowledge about whether SlideShare provides a valuable record of talks that are relevant to academia, this study investigates a large sample of SlideShare documents as well as presentations cited by academic research.	1
For better or worse the name stuck, notwithstanding the question it raises of what an information retriever might be, or the image it invites of a bird-dog fetching the New York Times.	0
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
We would also like to thank the indexing staff of the American Institute of Physics for performing the comparison indexing.	0
To determine the best algorithm, we propose an approach.	1
This study is the first to attempt to use length of review as a proxy for quality.	1
Our results show a decline of MD authorship from 96.6% in 1998 to 72.0% in 2018 (P = .003).	1
*Experimental C and P for TOTAL are not used in the computation of the trendline in Fig.	0
However the launch of the Book Citation Index by Thomson Reuters adds a new alternative to the current landscape, and as such must be analysed as a first step to any consideration as an option for bibliometric and evaluative purposes as well as a new information resource to add to library collections.	1
Received: 30 October 2021 / Accepted: 3 May 2022 / Published online: 18 June 2022	0
This study is among the first ones to adopt the individual researcher as its unit of the assessment of academic research efficiency.	1
This approach allows assessment of relatedness between research topics by considering the citations distribution across multiple citation generations, and can provide useful insights to study and characterise topics with fuzzy boundaries or are difficult to delineate, thus representing a novel toolset relevant in the context of studying interdisciplinary research.	1
This study contributes to the literature by introducing an innovative framework to quantify the temporal diversity of knowledge and conducting a comprehensive analysis of its dynamic trends, as well as its associations with scientific impact and disruptive potential (Funk & Owen-Smith, 2017; Park et al., 2023).	1
Despite the great interest of Health Science in the Open Access publication model, previous studies have not specifically addressed the determinants and perspectives in this particular area, except as part of more general studies.	1
The answer to the first research question, which asks what the primary types of research materials used by the international relations scholars are, can be found in the table.	0
This study is a first step in examining the structure of industrial informatics research.	1
There are two primary reasons that this method is adequate: in contrast to the retrievability ratios used previously, first, this method can evaluate two dimensions of matching accuracy, and second, results of its evaluation are independent of the intermediate outcome.	1
This abstraction helps us in modeling the notion of an influence of one research idea on another and analyzing how topics are influenced by intra and inter-domain topics.	1
Here we present evidence against the other two reasons.	1
These include direct government influence, the absence of a strong, transparent regulatory framework, and cultural and business norms that emphasize relationships over results.	1
Results for co-authorship are very similar and are available upon request from the authors.	0
Among other basic structural characteristics, our study focused on those listed bellow.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
To this end, the current study addresses the following research questions based on theoretical insights, contributing to the stock of knowledge and filling up the local research gap.	1
International co-authorships per university (relative share) and by size of country (as science-	0
And this of course, brings me to the annual ritual of the Presidential Address.	0
Their article was made possible through funding from the National Science Foundation.	0
Killian is assistant vice president, Office of Information Resources, Association of American Medical Colleges.	0
If we follow this agenda, then Latin American scientific policies should have already promoted heavy local development, as well as good international circulation of research results; nevertheless, this is not so, and it is explained by the lack of deftness in the instrumentation of research policies or agendas boosted by the governmental organisms; undoubtedly, the status quo under which Latin American scientists work, their practices and ways of developing research activities – particularly those linked to social sciences and humanities – largely explains the stagnation compared with the so called "mainstream science".	0
Moed, Gianluca Imbriani and Francesco Giannino as well as the seminar participants for their valuable comments and discussions.	0
Alternative metrics are a new approach to representing the value of a research paper in a broader sense.	1
Research Co-Ordination Office, Catholic University of Leuven, Universiteitshal, Naamsestraat 22, B-3000 Leuven, Belgium.	0
We could not find any study analysing the output of water quality research done in India.	1
a The change for RAST is 1995–1999 versus 2010–2014 since RAST did not begin until 1996.	0
The publishing stagnation is far to be reached in EU TES as this figure clarifies.	0
1 More recently, vector autoregression models are developed that capture linear interdependencies among a limited number of time series (Abdulnasser 2004).	0
The new data brought to light by our research indicate, nonetheless, that some serious methodological shortcomings of communication journals are now being overcome.	1
In terms of originality of the methodology, this innovative combination of network analysis tools also delivers a fresher approach to complement the traditional content-based reviews, as illustrated by the presented application to the field of L&SCM.	1
To be clear, I do not view this effort as replacing the use of the IF or blacklists/whitelists and other contemporary approaches.	0
Reproduced (borrowed) visuals are distinguished from recycled visuals by the presence of a statement acknowledging that the materials have been reproduced.	1
Authors common references with collaborators with respect to the authors' impact classes.	0
We use a novel method we call centrboth.	1
Additional supporting information can be found online in the Supporting Information section at the end of this article.	0
The key innovative methodological step is the determi-nation of what we term an “individual publication portfolio” (for the decade of 2009–2018) for every internationally visible Polish scientist...	1
Finally, an improved clustering algorithm by cutting high-betweenness edges is proposed, which performs better than the common approach in clustering effect.	1
The proposed model offers a journal-free methodology to evaluate long term impact.	1
Tonghui Lian is Associate Professor at the School of Management Engineering, Anhui Polytechnic University, Anhui, P.R.	0
Figure 5 Cumulative distribution of research levels (1 = clinical and 4= basic) of papers cited by BBC (solid line) compared with world oncology papers, 2000–2004 (dashed line).	0
That said, I now proceed to present my findings in full.	0
To this end, our method can act as a benchmark to monitor the influence of these features over time.	1
3The results are robust to applying different cutoffs to the topics' relative frequencies.	0
1, 2) was that the structure of the phrases/ terms is very similar between the cited and the citing documents.	0
To our knowledge, we are the first to extract and use in-text citations in any systematic way.	1
This study is a comprehensive analysis of authorship trends in biomedical papers from the NCBI PubMed database between 2000 and 2020, utilizing the Entrez Direct (EDirect) E-utilities to retrieve bibliographic data from a dataset of 17,015,001 articles.	1
To celebrate the 30-year journey of the journal, this study develops a bibliometric analysis of all the publications of the journal to 2017.	1
Scientists' own perspectives on research funding are often missing.	1
Jia Dan is at the Institute of Humanities and Social Sciences, Nanjing University of Science and Engineering.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 2 times since 2018*	0
Ultimately, the concept is aiming at testing new methods for monitoring the effective- ness of peer review processes, by taking a scientometric perspective of research proposals that reach beyond publication and citation statistics.	1
Our study contributes to the literature by focusing on the relationship between both publication volume and research excellence during doctoral education, and research excellence in the later career.	1
The Publisher does not warrant or guarantee the article's accuracy, completeness, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.	0
In this article, we address this gap in the literature with a detailed analysis of comments left on articles published in seven journals published by the Public Library of Science (PLOS).	1
Audits conducted by KPMG found a high error rate in publication lists submitted by universities, especially at the outset of the application of this approach (34% in 1997).	0
Therefore, this paper contributes to the relevant literature on academic endogamy by analyzing if effects initially attributed to endogamy alone can be partially explained by lack of mobility, as well as by the distinct type of academic experiences that scholars are exposed to during their careers, and it does this in an academic setting that used a very intense international mobility policy throughout the years.	1
Our study shows additional evidence to numerous reports about the apparent limitations of the IF as a significant predictor of total citations [5, 31–33].	1
Furthermore, our findings demonstrate a reality that contests with some claims made in [9] and [10].	1
Scatterplot cites in Scopus against cites in Google Scholar Search per article in the journal Scientometrics.	0
We note that the horizontal axis also includes a value at -1, although size cannot be less than 0;	0
By integrating scientific mapping and actor analysis, this study offers a comprehensive understanding of significant scientific aspects and influential contributors in the exploration of ethical practices in trading (Blunden, 2022; Overton et al., 2022, chap.	1
Department of Information and Library Science, Tamkang University, No.151, Yingzhuan Road, Tamsui District, New Taipei City 25137, Taiwan	0
Our study, while limited to prominent scientists, shows that early-career factors also establish a hierarchy within this group of scientists that is sustained over time.	1
Because it contains more references than other databases and it indexes the full text of articles, this is not surprising.	0
On the other hand, all the indicators obtained by year and sub-discipline have been made available to the scientific community so that they can be used as reference values in similar studies.	1
While earlier investigations of the relationships between usage (downloads) and citation metrics have been inconclusive, this study shows strong correlations in the all-disciplines set and most subject subsets.	1
The outcomes of this study are significant to track journal publishing practices over time.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first article to study the correlation between traditional and alternative approaches towards impact assessment in immunology journals.	1
To the best of our knowledge this is the first study investigating factors influencing citation counts in transportation research.	1
In this section we briefly review citation-based metrics and other metrics.	0
Consequently, in this paper we have used a new criterion for choosing between a pair of classification systems: we should use system A over system B whenever the standard normalization procedure based on system A performs better according to the graphical and numerical approaches than the standard normalization procedure based on system B.	1
Véronique Rabenda, Olivier Bruyère, Fanny Buckinx and Adrien Quabron declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
This is where our contribution finds its place in literature.	1
We shall use them to explore the idea, introduced earlier, of two subdisciplines in information science.	0
Figure 1: Graph showing average # papers per prolific researcher per conference by year	0
It proposes a general dynamic multiplex standards network model, which can be used for analysing the structural evolution of standards systems in other different industries.	1
We make several new contributions to this literature.	1
The urban campus had no online only subscriptions to AIM journals.	0
The current paper contributes to the scholarly understanding of this context by shedding light on the subject position of the German professor.	1
Downloaded from csc.sagepub.com at ATHABASCA UNIV LIBRARY on December 4, 2016	0
Nor are we aware of any research that reports on faculty views regarding institutional RCR responsibilities, training opportunities, and guidelines on their roles.	1
Here, it seems, is the original articulation of many of our current frustrations.	0
The advantages and disadvantages of each of these criteria are discussed below.	0
Therefore, this article not only provides useful resources and reveals phenomena but also presents directions for researchers to pursue further studies.	1
Psychiatry Resident and Program Director Per- ceptions of Neuroscience and Research Activity	0
This study shows that science policy work for the preservation and promotion of diversity of research would benefit greatly from an assessment of the analogy between scientodiversity and biodiversity.	1
Also, a new 3D composite research indicator is proposed in this study, which combined three sub-indicators, namely: citations per article, articles per researcher, and percentage of non-cited articles.	1
The last section contains concluding remarks and discusses some limitations of the study and areas for future research.	0
We thank Junming Huang and and Louis Shekhtman for useful discussions.	0
Note The “Number of articles retracted” data (solid line) are the same as reported previously (Grieneisen and Zhang 2012)	0
Method of reading this table: Consider the entry with asterisk (*) in table which says [1] Brown, [2] Steiner as last names of authors and 63 distinct full name variations.	0
Figure 1 shows the top-ranked journals in which the researchers would prefer to publish.	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
However, the criteria summarized in the Methods section, concerning review quality, are reasonably objective.	0
received 26 February 2021; accepted in final form 14 May 2021	0
We introduce "MAATrica", a novel methodology that employs semantics and ontologies to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of research papers, especially in medicinal and nutraceutical chemistry, with possible extension to other life science disciplines [33].	1
The primary contribution of our proposed framework, as illustrated in Fig 1, is that it can organize the scholarly information and reveal the underline longitudinal trend in a simple and intuitive way to a wide range of audiences.	1
A summary of different factors, other than the journal's quality, that affect the IF can be seen in Table 1.	0
This is the first bibliographic study specifically looking at Altmetric in relation to downloads and citations in the field of rheumatology, which includes data from nearly 1500 publications.	1
Unfortunately, in this paper we cannot go into the details of this concept, see DAVID (1985).	0
Although previous efforts to study the structure of this discipline have focused on co-citation and co-authorship relationships, we believe that additional insight can be gained interpreting the co-occurrence of keywords as a signal of their being related/complementary and representing and analysing those relationships within the complex networks paradigm.	1
An earlier version of this article was presented as a GTE Lecture at the Department of Science and Technology Studies at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, N.Y., on January 28, 1987.	0
An essential motivation behind this article is informing policies.	1
Capturing this concept through indicators such as the dominance index, introduced in the present study, enables a far more precise analysis and interpretation of the collaborative links identified through scientific publications.	1
A total of 357 journals were identified in the 563 retractions, and the journals with more than five retractions were presented in Table 4.	0
As the methodologies of international surveys miss the local context and do not well represent the specifics of the humanities and social science disciplines, focusing on the local level leaves out details of the fields where articles in international journals play a decisive role.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2059-5816.htm	0
A second contribution of our analysis is to examine star-help effects within an explicitly dynamic framework.	1
A new finding is that the diseases affecting HICs and LMICs equally, and UMICs relatively more (types 1b and 1c), also receive two- to three-fold less attention.	1
The examples include seven randomly selected abstracts and in the last row an example of misclassification of aquaculture research and the crossbreeding between different disciplines and research subjects.	0
* This research is part of the work of the Commission on Human Resources and Advanced Education, which is supported by grants from the Carnegie Corporation and the Russell Sage Foundation.	0
The results provide an empirical contribution to the discussion regarding whether science can be measured and how, and reinforce the importance of evaluations where the use of quantitative data is defined and the differences between areas are accounted for.	1
The rejection category 'Reference to the literature and documentation' (Bornmann et al., 2009) is not regarded as a major reason for rejecting manuscripts.	0
To reveal these networks, we examined depression-relevant terms in two linguistic corpora (Google News and academic papers in Web of Science).	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59(10):1653–1661, 2008	0
Lastly, we apply descriptive network statistics in new ways to advance the analysis of a large collection of literature.	1
The DATA BASE for Advances in Information Systems - Summer 1997 (Vol.	0
Some of the topic areas did not appear or only rarely appeared in these three journals, producing the graphical voids seen, for example, in the human resources column (a topic that was covered exclusively in the Journal of the American College of Radiology).	0
In this research, we have proposed an approach that detects the FoS of an individual author in his/her career years by characterizing the focus of his work.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
An exemplary citation function for sequence C=(5,4,3,3,3,1) is depicted in Figure 1.	0
To our knowledge, no recent co-word study is found that examines only the conference proceedings.	1
Only a few studies have previously investigated the relationship between altmetrics and assessments by peers.	1
The top five countries of each time period appear in bold.	0
Other aspects may also be of relevance for class labeling, such as the use of different term extraction approaches.	0
This is a major contribution as this study attempts to isolate and analyze these mesostructures.	1
The time span from 2003 to 2012 was selected for two reasons.	0
(key to the subject codes can be found in the Appendix)	0
Research Evaluation, volume 10, number 2, August 2001, pages 105-113, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, ours is the first work focusing on the study of the full set of SE ranked conferences including their grouped behavior according to their rank value.	1
The results are organized by the four variables of the classification.	0
Additionally to already existed scientometric indicators the proposed data source allows a deep inspection of impact/usage characteristics for a scientist and a research organization in both static and dynamic aspects.	1
Crossley, Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, 3800 Reservoir Rd NW, Washington, DC 20007, USA.	0
We propose an embedding methodology that can better reflect the core structure of a scientific paper.	1
This paper tries to answer to the question “What is the effect of database uncertainty on the evaluation of the h-index?”, breaking the paradigm of deterministic database analysis and treating responses to database queries as random variables.	1
Table 12 displays the results for the weighted impact factor analysis.	0
Table 1 Comparison of THE, QS and ARWU indicators of 2018	0
1 The number of articles with Akdeniz University address indexed by Web of Science databases in the years 1996–2009.	0
The intention of this work is to analyze top scientists' collaboration behavior at the “international”, “domestic extramural” and “intramural” levels, and compare it to that of their lesser performing colleagues.	1
This is the first study that comprehensively measured publication pressure with a validated measurement instrument.	1
The Dimensions database is a scholarly database that goes beyond research articles and their citations by including not only books, chapters, and conference proceedings, but also awarded grants, patents, clinical trials, policy documents, and altmetric information (with datasets to come later in 2018).	1
This article offers the first comprehensive examination of the evolution of the application of structural equation modelling in the framework of Social Sciences.	1
The strengths of this work include the large geographical coverage and a search strategy that had good sensitive and specificity.	1
F.N.: Conceptualisation; methodology; data collection; sample analysis; data analysis; validation; data curation; writing the initial draft; writing - revisions; project leadership; project management; funding acquisition.	0
* Based on a paper given at Café Scientifique, Nottingham, March 2003.	0
We also used a more inclusive definition of research output, including not just articles in ISI-listed journals, but also books, book chapters, working and conference papers and articles in non-ISI listed journals.	1
The authors have benefitted from comments and suggestions of two referees and the participants to the three CDM workshops in London, Paris and Maastricht, in particular Bronwyn Hall, Hans L??f, Pierre Mohnen and Bettina Peters.	0
As already mentioned, the position of each of the keywords on the map represents the average position of the articles included in this keyword.	0
The new measure taking both direct and indirect citation into consideration may challenge the research frameworks of knowledge diffusion through citations which ignore indirect citations, because the knowledge diffusion among disciplines thoroughly changed under the analysis of the new measure.	1
Our findings also offer several specific linguistic complexity features that researchers can tap into to increase the readability of RA abstracts and maximize reader comprehension and interest.	1
Other quantitative journal indicators such as circulation figures or article download numbers are not discussed here.	0
Ci produced an enriching comparison by showing the scope and reach of Colombian researchers' scientific impact in his/her disciplinary area, even when Nobel laureates are placed in the same assessment framework.	1
In comparison to the available literature, from theoretical point of view, our paper brings in the perspectives which have been ignored before by shedding light on the market power of publishers, the market concentration of disciplines, the age of publishers, and the interaction between market power and publisher age as the determining factors of APC.	1
(2016) suggested that clustering analysis is more optimal when review papers are removed from the dataset.	1
Deleu et al (2001)14 did not take into account the relative size of the countries while comparing the research productivity of GCC countries, and both studies included all the publications retrieved from Pubmed without excluding the false positive publications as mentioned in the methods.	1
The section will perform by the following steps to verify the reliability of Lotka's Law:	0
Book citations have declined, and Internet and government document references have increased.	1
Rarely are there studies conducted to identify the factors driving the production of high-impact research over time7,8,27,30,31, combining the different key factors in a single study to understand the relative importance of each factor13–18 and studying fields across the natural, behavioural and social sciences simultaneously6,28,29.	1
Figure 1 visually displays the effects of geographical and institutional proximities on collaboration and the contention that each dimension may compensate for the lack of the other in shaping research collaborations.	0
Second, sociologists with elite doctoral origins produce fewer articles overall but publish in more prestigious outlets—as indicated by their publication in the American Sociological Review and the American Journal of Sociology.	1
The research shows a general decrease of the demand for both journals and reveals a substantial growth in demand for Nature in some geographic regions and a decline of the interest to Science in many regions.	1
These results imply that researchers successful in raising funds are not necessarily in a position to be more productive or produce more impactful publications.	1
Because such a database does not yet exist, this study is the first the authors are aware of that quantifies the amount and destination of grant funding in psychological research.	1
Our main contribution is showing that inbreeding combined with mobility may lead to positive effects on productivity, especially in a developing country setting, in which international research networks are still not that strongly developed.	1
The work was supported by the project of "National Natural Science Foundation of China" (61301227), “Social Science Foundation of China” (10CZX011) and the project of “Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities” (DUT12RW309).	0
Received: 17 December 2022 / Accepted: 20 April 2023 / Published online: 13 May 2023	0
Svein Kyvik holds a PhD in sociology and is presently a senior researcher at NIFU STEP.	0
*Resident, Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Johns Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore, MD.	0
The rank analysis proposed herein is focused on them, avoiding their identification by considering the 10 most cited papers.	1
One contributing factor to outcomes could be changes in the inclusiveness of international journals indexed by Thomson Reuters ISI or Scopus in which North Americans are less likely to publish.	0
This approach differs from URC studies that focus exclusively on relationships and impacts among their own center members.	1
In this paper, a new method was presented regarding how the minimum values of the performance indicators were most optimally recalibrated and as a case study, the Section of Earth Sciences of the HAS was chosen.	1
We built 4 hypotheses based upon our study of patent law, the unique economic nature of a patent, and a patent citation's market effect.	1
Received 15 February 2021; Received in revised form 20 July 2021; Accepted 18 August 2021	0
The points are plotted for April 1 each year (e.g., 1983.25).	0
Figure 3: Proportion of publications commented in PubPeer with editorial notices by type of publishers and grouped by type of issue.	0
This research not only advances our understanding of the ethical dimensions of trading but also paves the way for future investigations that can further enrich the field and contribute to the development of ethical standards that guide trading practices globally.	1
We present a novel measure DescriptiveBC that is an enhanced version of the bibliographic coupling measure.	1
Therefore, this paper attempts to establish a topics-author-cited three-dimensional talent evaluation model from subject research topics, citation quantity and quality, citation distribution and other dimensions.	1
Using a precise definition of a “non-English journal”, we filter out nine physics and thirty-four chemistry non-English journals, scattered over six physics and seven chemistry subfields.	1
Received 22 July 2021; Received in revised form 17 January 2022; Accepted 24 January 2022	0
Disclaimer The first author is not associated with any academic institute, blog or web-site.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Overall, our analysis identifies a trend towards decreased research output by dermatologists in Australia and New Zealand in the last 5 years.	1
While the approach described here does include some time-dependent variables, the incorporation of author data and use of a random forest model may allow for prediction of breakthrough publications within 6 months of their publication date.	1
An important limitation of our study is that the 130 scientific journals published in El Salvador are not included in the SCI-EXPANDED (Conacyt, 2014), so we do not know what is published in those journals or who cites them.	1
1Department Applied and Molecular Microbiology, Institute of Biotechnology, Technische Universit?t Berlin, Gustav-Meyer-Allee 25, 13355 Berlin, Germany	0
The proposed companion metric reflects the impact of the journal in which an article appears; the rationale for incorporating this information is to reflect higher costs of production and higher review standards, and to mitigate the heavily truncated citation counts that often arise in promotion, renewal, and tenure deliberations.	1
Note: Vertical dashed lines represent years an article was included in a formal review.	0
Finally, Section 5 delves into the implications of the findings and suggesting avenues for future research.	0
Quantitative analysis of citations for COVID related retractions has been sparse, no peer-reviewed article to date has compared the citation count of retracted papers to the metrics of the journals they were submitted in (Peterson et al., 2022).	1
We appreciate the use of the printed journals in the University of Arizona’s Health Sciences, Science-Engineering, and Main Libraries and suggestions for clarifications by the two referees.	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for profit sectors.	0
Second, the study is the first attempt towards direct comparison of journal coverage of Dimensions database with Web of Science and Scopus, which in turn helps in understanding how exhaustive or selective Dimensions is in its journal coverage as compared to Web of Science and Scopus.	1
By the way, these data are all in text (.txt) format.	0
Our paper provides a formal framework for thinking about a wide range of deceptive publishing behaviors, without requiring any assumptions about scientists’ motivations for engaging in practices that mislead readers about the quality of their work.	1
Although the PLE is the focus of HBPLE, it was not the most influential concept.	1
Our results show that there is inequality in costs to access publications for US and international readers.	1
It provides an analytical framework that can be used by library managers in the collection development processes in support of postgraduate students’ research information needs.	1
For space reasons, we only show here the map corresponding to the cumulative map in early 2015 (Figure 4).	0
Ethical approval This article does not contain any studies involving human participants performed by any of the authors.	0
The findings extend previous Mendeley-related papers by giving evidence that the reason why articles have substantial numbers of readers when they first appear in Scopus is that they were likely to have already been recorded in Mendeley.	1
Up to now, no study on the journal's visibility in the field of EM journals has been conducted.	1
Received February 7, 2009; Accepted June 22, 2009; Published July 29, 2009	0
Unlike the NIRF score, which is one single number, we now decompose performance into a size-dependent exergy term and a size-independent productivity term.	1
In addition, the findings shed light on important issues related to team-oriented HRM practices associated with the outcomes of multidisciplinary research.	1
During this time lag, a critical mass of scientists is needed.	0
We extend and update these works by using the InCitesTM tool16.	1
Table 1: Breakdown of School of Nursing faculty members for 2014 calendar year by rank and track.	0
Herein, we characterize the organization of international collaborations over four decades and report several advances which may be instructive of strategies to promote effective multinational teams.	1
On an empirical basis, we ask how well the traditional counting methods represent the reality of scientific contributions and we offer a new solution, called modified fractional counting (MFC).	1
Author affiliations and support information (if applicable) appear at the end of this article.	0
Learned Publishing published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of ALPSP.	0
Factors influencing the number of results returned for a search (hypothetical figures, but note the logarithmic scale).	0
Criteria for pro- motion to leadership positions in academic surgery are poorly defined.	0
Based on a large-scale academic survey (N=3704 returned questionnaires), this study has global implications for academic career and productivity patterns and contributes to a better understanding of “the collaborative era in science” (Wagner 2018) by contrasting the prototypical figure of the internationalist with the local research scientist.	1
The rate of articles submission, acceptance, and rejection in the JKSU-Science.	0
2 shows two additional examples involving different true associations between variables with a common structural relation determined by the order restriction Y≤X, with X also bounded on [0,T].	0
By focusing on academic scientists, I am able to use publicly available academic records to reconstruct career histories.	1
First, the model leaves very little room for internal discussion, or even internal decision-making within organisations on what is important for each individual organisation.	1
We present the classification of each of the 4271 authors according to these profile types	0
Acknowledgements—The support of Marcela Rosselli and Susan McMeniman in the preparation of the paper is gratefully acknowledged.	0
Therefore, no study in the literature provides insights into journal rankings via social network analysis of journal contributors.	1
Compared to previous related studies focusing on the effect of OPR on publications and journals, several vital innovations are employed in this study.	1
The authors identified, from a policy perspective, the importance of assessing the benefits or otherwise of international collaboration on the African continent.	1
1 Institute of Mathematics, Physics and Mechanics, Jadranska 19, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia	0
The strength of the internal tie comes from its widespread use together and is calculated as :d=100.	0
Table 1 provides an overview of the top 15 interdisciplinary sciences journals and their respective approaches to contribution disclosures.	0
Although others have argued that the robustness of LDA topic model results is unaffected by the lack of semantic and syntactic information (Mohr & Bogdanov, 2013), our results suggest differently in the case of small and medium-sized samples (n of documents <1,000).	1
The replacement values, while much lower, are still the highest in each vector: arbitrarily, they are the sum of each author's three highest cocitation counts divided by two.	0
This study is an attempt to gain insight into the global situation and perspectives in forestry by indicating the most current research disciplines (sub-disciplines), their trends and the most prominent journals in the field of forestry.	1
An extensive list of tables and additional plots are given in the Supplementary material.	0
From Equation 5, it follows that the weighted average impact factor at time t can be written as the product	0
But in difference to methods based on Salton's word space of documents, we use information from all elements of a document (in our case, an article), and create a word space for all those elements or entities.	1
Chinese and American OA journals from innovative approaches and perspectives through multi-indicators and multi-dimensions.	1
We systematically expose the problem, provide theoretical examples, and outline an algorithmic guide on how to approach the subject.	1
Even if the Nobel Prize award highlights the outstanding importance of the work of Peter Higgs and Francois Englert, bibliometrics offer the additional possibility of getting hints to other publications in this research field (especially to historical publications), which are of vital importance from the expert point of view.	1
We are grateful to Sandra Evans for processing the FOI request.	0
bJ = age of paper in 1974, J* = maximum of 0 and age of paper in 1962.	0
Rather, this article adds the social structure approach, which was originally developed and used to identify the social structure of given disciplines or fields, as an approach further complementary to previous approaches.	1
Faculty of Biological Sciences, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Ciudad Universitaria, Madrid, Spain	0
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Picking up on Olof Hallonsten's contention that contemporary science evaluation is 'mostly counterproductive', we argue that the contemporary focus on evaluation is antagonistic to innovation or novelty in science, even though innovation is one of the values that evaluation is often supposed to support.	1
Keywords Research evaluation · Bibliometrics · Stochastic models · SIMCA · University	0
Teaching and research are usually considered to comprise the key elements of academic work, though weighted differently depending on the type of institution.	0
*Paper presented at the International Conference on Science Indicators for Developing Countries, Paris, 15-19 October, 1990.	0
We also carried out this research without any grant funding, only because we thought it intellectually rewarding.	0
For this reason, we introduced a second level of normalization for the second generation by dividing them by the number of them that come from each of the first generation.	1
The present paper is primarily an exploratory study.	1
A third domain emerged from the interviews conducted, which is at the intersection of the two previous domains: intellectual virtues and social virtues.	1
Of the eight citations studies of graduate research in sociology, only one explores local use at an academic institution in the United States.	1
No other use, including posting to another Internet site, is permitted without permission from the copyright owner (not AgEcon Search), or as allowed under the provisions of Fair Use, U.S.	0
We here propose that useful insights might come from comparing existing funding schemes to identify especially positive and destructive elements with respect to maintaining scientific quality and promoting efficient and positively motivated scientific communities.	1
In addition, we have developed a stochastic reputation model, which is found to reproduce numerous statistical observations for real careers, thus providing insight into the microscopic mechanisms underlying cumulative advantage in science.	1
Our second objective is to verify if multiple patent metrics and economic indicators can offer better insight about the stage of development of an emerging industry.	1
We present novel empirical evidence bridging the research gap between disruptive innovation and societal visibility.	1
I thank the referee (Terry Mahoney) for asking pertinent questions whose answers have been incorporated in this text.	0
CONTACT Maitrayee Mukerji maitrayee_mukerji@yahoo.com maitrayee.mukerji@iimkashipur.ac.in Indian Institute of Management Kashipur, Faculty Quarters FD 2/1, Kundeshwari, Uddham Singh Nagar, Kashipur, Uttarakhand, India	0
No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.	0
One unique contribution of this study is that it made use of the participant researchers' own professional experiences with research misconduct.	1
Our contribution regarding the impact of forward citations is to reconcile the prestige or “corporate reputation” argument with the opposing, “fear of imitation” viewpoint by examining evidence of potential links between receiving forward citations on firms' patented inventions and their financial performance.	1
Reduced list of 215 active participants in the Gordon conferences (extract)	0
The growth of an open, transparent and inclusive national research and innovation system, supported by high-quality, digitally appropriate mechanisms for scholarly communication, will be the real source of China's soft power in the OA age.	1
In particular, we characterize meaningful research as an essentially contested concept and argue that quantitative metrics should always be accompanied by operationalized instructions for their proper use and continuously evaluated via feedback loops.	1
“Intersectionally” is in scare quotes to mark my metaphorical departure from its standard use (Crenshaw 1989).	0
These numbers are attached to the 3-D patterns of the corresponding bibliographies.	0
Analysis of the Quality of the UK Science Base, (UK Office of Science and Technology, London, in press).	0
All comments were very helpful, and we believe that by addressing the comments and suggestions, our revised manuscript was significantly improved.	0
With this study, I add to the body of work that attempts to describe how a dominant group of scientists deal with ‘maverick' or 'crackpot' claims, highlighting the complexity of these attempts.	1
The combination of these 2 indexes, along with the number of publications open new perspectives for the institutional scientific quality analysis.	1
This is a theoretical paper that provides insights into the problems of using blacklists for research or for assessing a scholar's output.	1
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) remains a major cause of cancer morbidity and mortality worldwide (1).	0
This is surprising because one would expect a better distinction in view of the larger values of the g-index and their larger variance.	0
That analysis revealed areas of strength and weakness in the AGL's serials resource offerings, and it offers a model for other academic libraries as they evaluate their preparedness to support new doctoral programs.	1
Nevertheless, this article argues for the continued requirement of domain-specific competencies in order to qualify scientific information seeking, and, per se, it also argues for the necessity of domain analysis.	1
Third, our analyses demonstrate that across different disciplines, junior scholars do experience more negative collaboration experiences than senior scholars.	1
Before we describe the objectives of the study, a few words on the area of laser research would be appropriate.	0
We believe that these findings offer three important contributions to the literature on emerging organisations.	1
Sponsorships or competing interests that may be relevant to content are disclosed at the end of this article.	0
Thirdly, compared to the traditional methods that rely on cross-sectional data, we also highlight the method of longitudinal research in this field.	1
We ran a number of sensitivity tests to gauge the robustness of our results.	0
To improve the disruption metric, we modify the original one by eliminating the impact of highly cited references.	1
It is equally important that publisher platforms and databases like PubMed and PubMed Central, Google Scholar, Scopus, or Web of Science also consider steps to effect changes in reporting joint first authorship.	1
This study provides insight into the future relationship between scientific research policy and discipline development.	1
The choice of the university rankings was determined by the noteworthy effect, as already anticipated in the introduction, of HEPLC on Brazilian Physics departments.	0
My study is novel in exploring the effects of competitive research funding bottom-up, showing that the current focus on QRPs might misrepresent where the actual problems lie regarding doing good science in connection with funding.	1
This paper presents alternative statistical methods in bibliometric analysis.	1
We extend the analyses of previous literature to all STEM fields.	1
Assumed and actual distribution of journals in a given point tier.	0
The issues raised by our participants mirror the current internal narrative in the scientometrics community; for example, our empirical findings support a recent desk-based SWOT analysis which listed the integrity and quality of altmetrics as a challenge and the potential of altmetrics to incentivise a new culture of engagement and downstream impact as a strength (OpenUp 2016).	1
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank the anonymous reviewers and Dr.	0
As shown in the literature mentioned above, after overseas scholars return to their mother county they have a proven “transnational capital”, mainly due to international research collaborations.	0
Before proceeding with this work, it is beneficial to define the scope of open scholarship in the context of this paper.	0
Received February 11, 2008; revised April 23, 2008; accepted April 23, 2008	0
In this section, we describe the results obtained from each of the steps of the research evaluation framework.	0
extremely important (5), expressed in % of the total number of responses	0
I further show how this analysis suggests a different way of introducing lotteries into science funding policy.	1
The author would like to thank Arie Rip and Gunnar Sivertsen for valuable comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Author typically direct their manuscripts in an informed way to reach the appropriate audience for the content and argument.	0
a society or other partner) holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the author(s) or other rightsholder(s); author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law.	0
The analysis is an important addition to the field in South Africa which helps in measuring how institutions are positively responding to government incentives in research.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to evaluate the research productivity of Canadian ophthalmology departments in terms of research volume, impact, funding, and cost-efficiency over the past 10 years, and benchmark their productivity to select U.S. ophthalmology departments.	1
It remains unclear whether this stream of web indicator research adequately measures the online performance or impact of scholarly activity in social, educational, and governmental contexts.	1
Secondly, our study contributes to the literature on knowledge diffusion (Cockburn and Henderson, 1998; Fleming et al., 2007; Newman, 2001; Singh, 2005) by highlighting a new knowledge source that may drastically change an existing knowledge diffusion structure.	1
The researchers hope that this study will be of interest to Iranian higher-education policy makers and university directors, encouraging them to support a university ranking system that accounts for critical factors such as faculty theory positions, invention licenses, the ratio of employment among graduates, and the presence of social activists among the faculty.	1
Here I use data for about 600 rated researchers in the biological sciences to evaluate the extent to which outcomes of peer review correspond to bibliometric measures of research performance.	1
This study was exempted from institutional review board review by the NIH Office of Human Subjects Research Protections.	0
Abbreviations: POPs, persistent organic pollutants; PCBs, polychlorinated biphenyls; PAHs, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; PBDEs, brominated flame retardant; PCR, polymerase chain reaction.	0
For example, an excess reciprocity p(i) = 0.1 for an author with 100 received citations would correspond to 55 of	0
We are also grateful to Jeremy Fox and Lindsay Haddon for feedback on an earlier version of this paper.	0
However, no country-specific work was noticed during the literature review.	1
Our results are interesting because they indicate that although there are misalignments at the global level between research priorities and disease burden in absolute terms, in sub-Saharan Africa, there is no clear trade-off between participating in global research networks and producing medical research that is aligned with local health needs.	1
We will explain our ideas and some related examples in the following sections—the next one for the mathematical development and the third section for the applications—and we will finish with some conclusions.	0
To fill the gap, this study analyzes scientific literature on big data published between 2012 and 2017 to identify topics in different academic fields.	1
This work was supported by EC Funding under the VOA3R project through the Grant Agreement No.	0
One advantage of this technique is the possibility to use reference levels, in such a way that the results obtained are easily interpreted in terms of the performance of the university with respect to these levels.	1
We develop visual data analytics tools that enrich the scope of analyzing archived Web materials of national domains.	1
Have you wonder ever what is the relationship between the number of scientists and	0
The authors would like to acknowledge Satu Alakangas and William Tang from the University of Melbourne library and IT support for their assistance.	0
Consequently, author keywords were preferentially adopted to characterize research tendency and hotspots.	0
This project is partially supported by a SARIF summer research assistantship from the Office of Research, The University of Tennessee, 2002.	0
The individual-/cluster-type relations of journals are easily examined on Google Maps.	1
This study further substantiates the efforts to conceptualize disruption scores and citation counts as distinct dimensions of academic impact [21].	1
Another important element in analyzing citation patterns is the insights gained about the social context in which knowledge is created.	0
OPTA performs better than OPTS nearly at all sections since scaling method is a special case of affine method.	0
Copyright of Communications of the ACM is the property of Association for Computing Machinery and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Using a recent publication in this journal on the potential citation chain reaction of a Nobel Prize, we demonstrate that a simple pre-post comparison can lead to biased and misleading results.	1
The latter result can be interpreted as follows: a journal entering with the largest score 10 in its entry year has after two years a probability of 20 per cent (one out of five) to reveal a score of 8, i.e., a net decline of 2.	0
In this paper, we present a novel approach for retrieving online bibliographic data and propose a framework for exploring knowledge structure.	1
Since the recognition of critical care as a subspecialty in the 1970s, many investigators from U.S.	0
This study provides a retrospective bibliometrics analysis of rehabilitation using VR technology research from 1996 to 2015.	1
Received March 2, 2012; revised March 29, 2012; accepted March 30, 2012	0
This research paradigm is an expansion and enrichment of the dual network decoupling theory in the field of ASN research.	1
From these analyses emerged some interesting and noteworthy findings.	1
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2017	0
Correspondence to: David Hulac, University of Northern Colorado Campus Box 131 McKee Hall Greeley, Colorado 80639-6900.	0
Table 1 Publication counts of China's 31 regions in CNKI (2015)	0
The opinions expressed in this publication are the view of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or views of ChemistryOpen, the Publisher, or the affiliated editors.	0
The methodology presented in this paper allowed for such a demanding task.	1
All authors declare that there are no conflicts of interest regarding the publication of this paper.	0
This study is also the first known in the mapping series where the selected source journal did not appear in Zone 1 or Zone 2.	1
For a comprehensive nature-based climate solution, an analytical framework, dataset, and scenario setup for modeling the interrelationship between timber supply and demand are required.	1
The present research shows a behavior contrary to the one reported by the mentioned author and it is typical of developed economies, not of developing ones.	1
However, for our purpose it was enough to know whether the material was available in the library or not, and whether or not it was available electronically.	0
There is no scientific analysis on this field and as mythology has a multidisciplinary feature, the findings of this paper will guide future studies for who works in the field.	1
The choice of a can best be decided upon by the user.	0
We introduced indicators that enabled to assess the nature of the development of the transition from international, interdisciplinary and intersectoral perspectives.	1
Such cases are not easy to find, and do not represent the usual situation.	0
In spite of the LiOS user-interface not being very friendly, authors or webmasters can easily guide LiOS and collect values associated to each metric and, based on the results, they can evaluate and possibly improve the quality of their hyperdocuments.	0
Few indicators have been developed so far for use with social media; however, with the alt-index, we see at least four specific advantages.	1
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at (https:// doi.org/10.1007/s11192-020-03855-1).	0
The paper explores the role of citation indexes in defining academic authenticity (and contesting accusations of 'fakery') in a commercial publishing environment.	1
This paper integrates the three relationships of direct citation, co-citation, and coupling into one citation structure, and introduces the new concept of citation relationship, namely, triangular citation in the literature, which is defined as follows: A and B are cited by C, at the same time, A is also cited by B, then a triangular citation relationship is established among Literature A, B, and C, as shown in Fig.	1
This work presents the development and testing of a protocol for identifying long-lasting (L-L) research papers for which citation data of at least 25 years are available.	1
Acknowledgments: The authors would like to thank the editors and anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments and suggestions.	0
Note: number of papers and top 10 percent papers has been calculated with a fractional counting method.	0
Note that μ* > μ and that μ* increases in μ and a.	0
The work described above, although useful and frequently imaginative, has been limited in its scope.	0
However, our research differs from theirs in terms of the sampled population, measures and methods used in the following ways:	1
One objective of the research reported here has been to identify publicly available data that could be merged with RAMP data in order to enable the definition and analysis of new metrics describing the contribution of IR to the open scholarly record.	1
Our article makes two research contributions: First, it characterizes the attitudes of mostly senior members of the ICSE authors- and-reviewers community with respect to the research questions.	1
Several mathematical models [16–23] have been proposed to predict the CNIC, and some IP determinations have been addressed [9–13], but none used the IRT to develop a predictive model during the COVID-19 pandemic using the IP search and compare the IPs (or propose the IPcase index) in practice.	1
However, there is still a lack of extensive and in-depth research on the index time of these articles in the database.	1
It also refers to determining potential disparities in research culture and in student involvement in different types of research opportunities among Romanian and international medical graduates.	1
FIGURE 1 Conversion rate of presentation to publication by year of presentation.	0
This article does not contain any studies with human participants performed by any of the authors.	0
In contrast to many other studies, our data was obtained based on an application perspective, namely pharmaceutical research related to specific medical indications.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
This article examines the structure of co-authorship networks' stability in time.	1
Table 1 Field and year normalised average citation impacts of articles containing unique words in their titles (i.e., words occurring in no other article title from the subject 2009–2015) together with 95 % confidence intervals	0
In the literature, however, no evidence has yet been found using text mining (Han et al., 2019) and forest plots (Sedgwick, 2015; Stephenson, 2017) to examine the differences and similarities between two journals.	1
2011), entrepreneurship and family firm research (López-Fernández, Serrano-Bedia and Pérez-Pérez 2016), female entrepreneurship (Ferreira et al.	1
Keywords: Informetric studies; Citation analysis; Impact factors; Power laws; Inlinks; Social networks; Collaboration; Demography; Writers; Diffusion; Elections	0
So it is with the electronic journal and other electronic publications.	0
696 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2005	0
We turn now to an examination of the internal content of AJP articles focussing in turn on (a) the methods employed, (b) the population studied, and (c) the content area investigated.	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, there remains a notable gap in understanding the association between interdisciplinarity and the duration of the prepublication process.	1
The illustration of the gap in a histogram of his or her sorted papers' citation counts (i.e.	0
Insights provided by such analyses are useful both to advance research activities to an enhanced level and to reinforce international collaboration.	1
The COVID-19 pandemic seems to have had a limited effect on the timing of manuscript submissions to The Journal of Paediatrics and Child Health.	1
The results show that highly cited authors did not hold the distinction of being the primary contributors to the IF.	1
Indeed, developed and developing countries often focus on different research areas.	0
We provide evidence that the number of authors of articles in software engineering is increasing on average around +0.40 authors/decade.	1
2 Authors with the highest number of publications in major theoretical database conferences	0
The development of standard and clear affiliation policies for these organisations is essential in order to improve the future identification and data collection of their results.	1
Additional supplementary materials may be found here by searching on article title https://osf.io/collections/jbp/discover.	0
Having established empirically that faculty hiring itself plays a role in shaping the spread of real ideas across the scientific community, we now investigate the aggregate, system-level consequences of faculty hiring, and the links it creates between departments, on the spread of ideas, using numerical simulations.	1
The article also complements previous qualitative surveys and opens up new avenues for further engagement with large-scale bibliographic metadata and the vast array of scientometric methods and tools to advance our knowledge of the intellectual, cognitive and social structure of Balkan – Southeast European studies.	1
This finding demonstrates that the blog network is shaped by thematic sub-network and suggests that non specialized categories act as bridges connecting cliques.	0
To cite this article: Pierre Benckendorff & Anita Zehrer (2014): Career and collaboration patterns in tourism research, Current Issues in Tourism, DOI: 10.1080/13683500.2014.896320	0
This study is a first step towards a better understanding of the bibliometrics of taxonomic botany, and it could be built on by further research.	1
This study provides an opportunity for researchers on water use to see either where new trends might come from and which are the main topics of interest in scientific community.	1
We develop a general framework that compares the drivers of success in the ex-ante evaluation and award process to the drivers of success in ex-post performance.	1
This is due to the coding of publication age: more recent years have smaller values.	0
Due to the recent inclusion in the Web of Science (WoS) of a tool using newly available OA status data from oaDOI in WoS, it is possible to explore year-over-year OA levels across research fields, languages, countries, institutions, funders and topics and attempt to relate the following OA patterns to disciplinary, national and institutional contexts that have not yet been conducted (Bosman and Kramer 2018).	1
This essay attempts to build some bridges between the two fields, demonstrating how the comparative-historical approach, aimed at providing theoretical accounts of institutional variations, can serve as a source of insights for the study of quantification policies.	1
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Received: 5 June 2020 / Received in final form: 29 August 2020 / Accepted: 22 September 2020	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study in the field to reuse qualitative interview data for which the authors had no influence on the sample design and the interview questions.	1
Last, we synthesize findings into takeaways for how HCI can engage with the issue of e-waste.	1
This contribution of this study is that it offers a comprehensive view of the status quo and predicts further research trends.	1
Keywords COVID-19 · Coronavirus · Pandemic · Bibliometric · Citation analysis · Social sciences	0
However, the relationship between the two remains unclear.	1
Departing from the extant literature's focus on the visibility of individual papers, we turn to the popularity of individuals on social media platforms.	1
To our knowledge, only one study considered the effects of mobility and foreign nationality simultaneously (Lawson & Shibayama, 2015).	1
1 Alfa Institute of Biomedical Sciences, 9 Neapoleos Street, 151 23 Marousi, Athens, Greece	0
The empirical detour is just to give some feeling of the value of the analytical framework developed in this paper.	0
We will test the hypotheses that the formation of the citation network in the field of information retrieval could be influenced by main and homophily effects from the following factors of cited authors:	0
Received: 25 June 2013; in revised form: 19 August 2013 / Accepted: 26 September 2013 / Published: 9 October 2013	0
This will shed light on the advantages of academic collaboration to foster the citation impact of papers of MIS as a young academic research discipline.	1
The search strategy resulting from the above conditions can be formulated as BR := (UC1 V UC2) ∨ (CC1 ^ (CC2 ∨ CC3))	0
The methodology illustrated here is just one approach to producing rankings which might reduce the undesirable consequences of rankings, and alternatives should also be examined.	1
In this case, individuals and disciplines as network nodes are 'well-connected' if they span epistemic boundaries or connect to boundary spanners, and hold fewer ties to isolated or peripheral actors.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
The first study to examine all BioMed Central retraction notices published in 2000–2015 and the retraction patterns of a single publisher.	1
Here, we explore how a more limited set of changes to the cultural norms of academic science might ameliorate the pernicious effects of the aforementioned hiring bottleneck.	1
This gives evidence of the overall robustness of bibliometric clustering towards the type of network, lexical or citation.	1
After presenting and analyzing the data gotten from the SJR, we can evidence that Brazil is the only country in Latin America that is pictured among the most productive ones in the Dentistry area.	1
This article extends the work of [6], who propose a conceptual framework for identifying IDR proposals, by developing a novel approach able to operationalize emerging technology networks formed by IDR.	1
We only collected 18 responses, representing a response rate of 34%.	0
Utilizing the journal impact factor to assess research performance at the individual, institutional, or national levels appears not to be the most appropriate method.	1
Probably not—after all, the familiar old adage says that “two heads are better than one.”	0
In this study, we explored topical evolutions in design scholarship for the past 20 years, which can serve as a good starting point to advance future design scholarship.	1
The current paper updates this previous study by 8 years, during which the classification errors previously identified may have been corrected, uses text matching instead of citations to give a different perspective and potentially greater arts and humanities coverage (although this did not occur) and separates cross-field from specialist and out-of-field journals.	1
While the study exposes the weaknesses of Nigeria universities in exploring the potentials of institutional repositories in wider dissemination their scientific productivity, it challenges government and other stakeholders to develop sustainable framework for development of repositories in the country.	1
In our content-centered approach, we focus on the evolution of scientific thoughts and research strategies along with the expansion of interdisciplinary sciences.	1
Considering the group of developing countries BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India and China), Brazil is the only country to be present among the most productive ones in the Dentistry area.	1
Table 1: Distribution of AJPS and JHR Articles by Citations in 2017.	0
To add to the literature on review contents and structure, review accuracy, and strategies that influence the review process, the aim of this research was to: identify the attributes of a quality peer review and peer reviewer from the editors' perspective; and identify valuable elements of training programs to be designed for pharmacy practice residents, postgraduate students, and new faculty, in order to aid peer review quality.	1
This method based on the structural variation analysis offers a theoretical framework and a practical platform to analyze the potential scholarly impact of researchers and their specific contributions.	1
A key issue in the calculation of normalised citation scores is the definition of fields and subfields, which are used to compile the reference sets (Wilsdon et al.	0
Our work differs from these existing researches in that it analyzes the correlation between tweets and citations for Nature articles by publication year, discipline and Twitter user type.	1
Our study also provides a more realistic conceptualization of the practices of IDR centers.	1
In summary, this analysis suggests that PS has become more international in the last decade and increasingly oriented towards neuroscience, psychosocial and emotional issues as well as natural situations in our daily lives, that is, emphasizing the importance of the ecological validity.	1
Therefore, in this paper, we introduce a novel ranking approach that combines academic, environmental, and resource indicators based on the Borda count method.	1
In addition to the prominent positions of the aforementioned topics, it is also worth underscoring some other observations prompted by this strategic diagram.	0
This study aims at conducting the first science mapping analysis of the Mediterranean forest research in order to elucidate its research structure and evolution.	1
We also thank the two anonymous reviewers of Design Studies for their suggestions to improve this paper.	0
We extend the Aiden and Michel (2014) analysis in two ways: by focusing only on scientists and by analyzing a larger sample.	1
First version received November 2008; final version accepted June 2010 (Eds.)	0
A new indicator of technological impact of a scientific journal is presented, based on citations in patent applications to papers published in that journal.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Received 22 April 2020; Received in revised form 9 June 2020; Accepted 11 June 2020	0
Departamento de Biblioteconomía y Documentación, Universidad Carlos III, SCImago Research Group, Madrid 126, Getafe, Madrid 28903, Spain.	0
Kamal Kumar Mahawar, Ajay Malviya1 and Ganesh Kumar, Department of Surgery, Darlington Memorial Hospital, Darlington and 1Department of Orthopaedics, Freeman Hospital, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK.	0
The findings presented here indicate that the conference proceedings provide (necessary) means to extend the analysis of publications in particular for fields in which the dissemination of scientific results often happens at conferences.	1
This approach opens up the field of bibliometric studies in Brazil, as it makes it possible to determine the influences of the pioneer researchers who carried out the first research projects.	1
More nations increasingly contribute to scientific endeavours worldwide.	1
Here, we present the history and rationale for supporting synthesis centers, integrate insights arising from two decades of experience, and explore the challenges and opportunities for long-term sustainability.	1
For the calculations, papers that occurred in multiple subject categories were counted as whole articles for all purposes.	0
Finally, the methodological approach developed in the present study for article classification has presented clear differences in relation to WoS classification criteria, offering a more realistic approach to research areas, subjects and topics related to taekwondo research.	1
Received: 16 December 2019 / Accepted: 14 December 2020 / Published online: 25 February 2021	0
Our paper addresses these gaps by developing simple models that relate explicitly to proposals for scientific reform.	1
The Economic Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Royal Economic Society.	0
Table 1 gives the raw data by years of the number of authors per paper.	0
Tel: +47 22 85 51 71; Fax: +47 22 85 44 11; E-mail: w.c.mathisen(@stv.uio.no.	0
Despite the absence of explicit gender bias among journal editors and reviewers, female economists were held to a higher standard in order to publish their work.	1
The work cannot be changed in any way or used commercially without permission from the journal.	0
The edited paper is returned to the author(s) for final approval.	0
Our approach identifies and overcomes key barriers to meaningful contributions, protecting the value of authorship even on massively multi-authored publications.	1
It is strange that they are not linked to each other.	0
This article reports the first science mapping analysis of the social work field, which shows its conceptual structure and scientific evolution.	1
Note: Tie strength ≥.350; the separation of clusters was not related to the value of tie strength	0
Acknowledgements This study was partially funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) Grant Nos.	0
This paper aims to fill this gap by analyzing patent references to scientific literature over the 1998–2017 period in all disciplines.	1
Pediatric burns research appears to have evolved from a widely dispersed, non-consolidated associated entity into a sub-speciality that has been welcomed and incorporated into the mainstream burns journals.	1
The concept of overlay maps is similar to data visualisation but worthy of differentiation.	0
Reuse of AAPT content is subject to the terms at: http://scitation.aip.org/termsconditions.	0
One of the biggest strengths of this study is the ability to comprehensively look at the publication record of the entire Central Asian region over a period of two decades.	1
This research indicates that the center did have a nuanced effect in that its work flowed more quickly to and was used by the relevant research community.	1
Unlike previous studies, our findings suggest that neuroscience can be considered the most influential trend in scientific psychology.	1
Such a male-exclusive authorship condition is found to be the solely responsible for the emergence of that particular shape in the network structure.	1
Perhaps surprisingly, it is found that the distribution may well be approximated in some cases by a simple geometric distribution.	1
Approximately how much and what type of material is currently in your institutional repository?	0
Bold indicates that the ranking has changed comparing to the second column.	0
Based on this, we sought to identify the main variables that influence Brazilian scientific production through an econometric study and by designing a model that explains the power of this form of production.	1
Our study captures a snapshot of perceived publication pressure within a Canadian population and allows for quantitative comparisons between demographic groups, as well as other academic populations who have used the revised Publication Pressure Questionnaire.	1
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
Although there are perceived logicalbenefits to research prioritisation, there have been very little criticalretrospective analyses of research prioritisation in any discipline,let alone in the relatively niche field of veterinary medicine.	1
As the rate of adoption of OA policies is now growing too, these findings make it possible for OA policy-making to become more evidence-based and more effective by taking these findings into account in designing OA mandates.	1
The main conclusions were that plagiarism software offers a unique opportunity to screen for plagiarism easily but also that it has to be employed with caution as automated or uncritical use is far too unreliable to allow a fair basis for judging the degree of plagiarism in a manuscript.	1
This paper presents an original study based on bibliographical data from the Polish national research evaluation system.	1
Therefore, this current research was conducted to overcome these limitations.	1
In this context, in order to carry out in-depth semantic analysis, it is necessary to support bibliometric analysis studies with analyzes using text-data mining methods (Hu et al., 2014).	1
In this article, I have argued that critical review and analysis of the potentials for knowledge generation contributes novel insights into the study of collaborations.	1
The information are interpreted first as descriptive statistics, both illustrated through tables and graphs.	0
This study explores a new method of identifying hijacked journals based on an analysis of journal archives.	1
This essay may thus be read as a movement towards a comparative sociology of quantification.	1
This study attempts to fill some of the aforementioned gaps.	1
In this paper, we propose a method to search for related articles on protein structure analysis by using an article itself as a query.	1
P. Banerjee, Director of CSIR-NISTADS, for helpful comments on an early version of the paper.	0
The literature provides some insight into the design, implementation, and evaluation of library OA funds, but no study has collected and analyzed the scholarship published using these funds.	1
These definitions are open to challenge, but provide a useful pragmatic distinction for the purposes of a quantitative study.	0
Here, A is the aging parameter, a is the attachment exponent, and ko is the initial attractiveness.	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
Exercise and Sport Sciences Graduate Program-Gama Filho University; and Clinimex-Exercise Medicine Clinic, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil	0
Imagine a focal paper published in 2008 with a citation window covering a period of four years (2008 to 2011).	0
The guiding theoretical concept of this work is epistemic risk mitigation, a research strand from social epistemology that draws on the concept of inductive risk originally introduced by philosopher of science Carl Hempel (i.e.	1
This study reveals the position and structural features of different types of researchers with potential scholarly impact in co-author networks.	1
Furthermore, citations are not related to the number of authors, which provides evidence against the proposition that multi-authored papers are typically of higher quality than single-authored papers.	1
Our method based on HITS like algorithm can start with a small number of initial sites and selectively extend the web space to include new relevant websites.	1
The detail offered in the Personal Acknowledgments Classification, coupled with information on coauthor connections, was used to create profiles of four highly acknowledged tardigradologists and identify three different roles that researchers in this field may play, as evidenced by their acknowledgment patterns (which went beyond the PIC class).	1
As is clear from the literature discussed to this point, most prior literature has not examined other forms of scholarly output, including but not limited to conference presentations, books, book chapters, textbooks, grant acquisitions, and other academic writings.	1
This economy is radically more decentralized, characterized by nonmarket peer production, increased individual autonomy, and loose collaborations among individuals.	0
All data in Tables 1–4 refer to the end of July 2012.	0
First, this is the first attempt to apply a clustering technique (i.e., GHSOM) to visualize RPI.	1
We fully assess the performance of the optimization ranking algorithm by tuning the function configurations and parameter combinations under different conditions	1
In the present paper we shall mainly deal with this issue.	0
CA-Corresponding author, SCP: Single or Intra-country publication, MCP: Multiple or Inter-country publication.	0
The second indicator, the “quartile bonus", describes the gain in the final grade obtained by publishing in high-impact journals.	1
To our knowledge, there has been no prior systematic bibliometric evaluation of prolific non-research authors publishing in high impact journals.	1
In this sense, the value of this article lies also in the fact that based on a state experience it is possible to discern recommendations in other environments.	1
For this, we would prefer to value a citation by the field-normalized citations accumulated by the citing article.	1
Combining queries 1 and 4 retrieved all Australian genetic and biotechnology publications.	0
Western Journal of Emergency Medicine: Integrating Emergency Care with Population Health	0
Received: 25 January 2016; Revised: 27 February 2016; Accepted: 3 March 2016	0
However, there is no record of an article on bibliometrics and SA in the Web of Science Core Collection.	1
While the core strands of the sociology of valuation and evaluation literature pursue the pragmatic questions of how evaluators actually define and agree on crucial criteria and make common decisions (Berthoin Antal et al., 2015; Lamont, 2012), the current paper complements this scholarship by drawing attention to the effects of evaluation, asking how social processes of recognition and valorization contribute to the subject position of professor.	1
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Gray cells indicate that no researcher is assigned to this field in this country.	0
In our view, drawing from social work’s scholarly productivity as a data source for empirical studies offers researchers and other stakeholders (e.g.	1
We confirmed this latter result with our own data by plotting the NRPR of the same twenty-six countries against their world share of NSE publications for the years 1995 and 2015.	0
In this study, we utilized bibliometrics to conduct the first, comprehensive analysis of academic productivity in US Pediatric Surgery fellowship training programs.	1
This study also contributes to the literature on the association between team size and research performance by examining the correlation between both first- and second-degree team size on research productivity and impact.	1
Although some debate about the use of rankings exists, we believe such analysis is able to provide some inspiring information for higher education institutions worldwide seeking improvement in disciplinary competitiveness as well as for further research in this area.	1
Received December 12, 2007; revised February 16, 2008; accepted February 24, 2008	0
According to our download and view analyses, Vital Surveillance, Notes from the Field, and Preplanned Studies have the highest viewing frequency, while Profiles and Methods and Applications have comparatively low viewing frequency a finding that differs from a previous study (9).	1
Collaboration depends on interactive communications networks among people which can unfold in numerous ways.	0
This contribution offers an appraisal of the status of STI, nearly two decades into the life of the African Union, examining policy, research and innovation inputs, system focus and outputs, with consideration given to domestic and international knowledge exchanges.	1
This is a small percentage and mostly applies to highly co-authored articles; and so, because of the fractional counting scheme used, this should not affect the results much.	0
The contributions made to this research field from 1989 to 2019 serve as a core for conducting this analysis.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
For permission for commercial use of this work, please see paragraphs 4.2 and 5 of our Terms (https://www.dovepress.com/terms.php).	0
Existing work is suggestive, but not comprehensive in its treatment of manuscript submitters’ rights during peer review.	1
The exclamation mark in “SO!” was coined by the founding editors of the journal (see http://www.rotman.utoronto.ca/~baum/so.html).	0
This study extends and update the previous study done by Salisbury, Bajwa, and Dillon (2007).	1
Adapted from: Institute for the Study of Aging & The Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation (2008), Finkbeiner (2010), and Ministry of Commerce & Industry Task Force (2008)	0
He is currently exploring the use of multivariate statistical citation methodologies in characterizing the cognitive structure of scientific disciplines and in relating these structures to the attributes of scientists.	0
In this paper, we tried to combine the framework of Citation Delay and Beauty Coefficient to propose a revised parameter-free index for distinguishing under-cited sleeping beauties in science.	1
Most importantly, the OAJ industry in the digital transformation era demonstrated that CI and knowledge amount promote open innovation, namely, the increase in citations and references moderates the effects of CI on open innovation.	1
In addition, we also present an online tool that helps authors to study their beliefs about the causes of rejection.	1
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
This methodology has similarities with exploiting bibliographic references on papers, theses, and books to trace a technology but the results are fundamentally different, mainly because—contrary to the bibliography—the documents cited in the search reports are made by the patent examiner independently of the author (the inventor).	1
They encompass both epistemological differences over what counts as knowledge, and different approaches to producing knowledge (Albert et al., 2009; Currie et al., 2014; Knorr-Cetina 1999).	0
Thanks also to Dorothy Johanning for assistance with summarizing relevant data from EEB annual reports.	0
One of this study strength was that several options were set in iThenticate? to improve the accuracy of the similarity check.	1
This gives a new index that preserves some information of the values of RNIF of the journal in the m years previous to n, smoothing the behaviour of the index.	1
The value of the strategic diagrams is that they identify the motor themes for the topic and also provide information about the less visible and emerging themes.	1
All authors contributed to the article and approved the submitted version.	0
Note that the distribution is skewed, where most publications have few citations, and only a few have many citations (i.e.	0
This conclusion holds even after narrowing the area of studies to economics, management and business with one exception: the MSU shows an even less satisfactory research performance (Table 1).	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/), which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, and is not altered, transformed, or built upon in any way.	0
We therefore seek to take a first step in analysing whether humanities research is indeed less useful than sciences, exploring the various arguments and claims circulating about the differences of humanities research from STEM.	1
Our study provides a map of fruit and vegetable research based on the scientific publications indexed in the WoS? from 2000 to 2009.	1
Contribution to the Theme Section 'The use and misuse of bibliometric indices in evaluating scholarly performance'	0
The RPYS-CO analysis has several advantages over built-in functionalities of several databases: (i) not only source records of the database can be found but also seminal papers which appear only in the cited references.	1
Moreover, we assume that if the same group of authors published another paper, the names might appear in a different order, so on average the different geographical affiliations would be cancelled out.	0
To the best of our knowledge this work is the first of its kind with a comprehensive framework for fine grained research performance analysis, thematic characterization and thematic area based assessment of research competitiveness of leading world institutions.	1
To address these questions, we propose a simple, theoretical model of optimal rewards for publication in academic journals.	1
This process has resulted in the development of a valuable dataset of Indian institutions, which is available for further use (A dataset containing the geographical data of Indian institutions, namely latitude and longitude infor- mation, states, city and detailed addresses has been develo- ped, and is available for academic and non-commercial uses upon request to the authors.).	1
National Research Council of Italy, P.le Aldo Moro 7, 00185 Rome, Italy	0
This paper proves that even though the journal editor can not force an outcome for the selection of a high-quality manuscript, based on the relationship between journal’s wealth and the selection of manuscripts of high quality, the editor can follow some basic guidelines for increasing the growth rate of journal’s wealth: (i) assign probability values to the events “the i-th submitted manuscript wins the selection process of a high quality paper”; (ii) match these probabilities of high quality when placing the allocations of journal resources among the papers; (iii) focus on management practices that promote the occurrence of selection processes with less uncertainty of the outcome; (iv) search for dependent side information relevant to the selection of papers of high quality; (v) if there exists dependence among successive selections, devise a stationary selection process of low entropy using past performance of manuscripts and/or their authors.	1
A priori, what a textbook citation means is anything but clear and still needs to be empirically established, which is one of the main goals of this article.	1
Although the difference between the two JIFs is not large, since it is an improvement, it should be used in future in place of the standard JIF unless there are other reasons why the standard JIF is superior for a particular application.	1
But fewer than ten cases out of eleven hundred fell into that category.	0
The value of this common sense strategy does not seem to have been directly tested before, however, except for mentor–mentee relationships.	1
The two measures may expand our future research of the role of paper knowledge elements in citations and likely opens the door to a new scope of empirical opportunities.	1
The application of geometric methods to topic models, facilitated by techniques crafted for compositional data, marks a substantial methodological advancement.	1
The collaboration pattern also reveals that publications co-authored in international collaboration find its place in a relative higher impact journal in comparison to domestic collaboration indicating direct correlation with international collaboration and impact factor.	1
This study is a pioneering study performing a community evolution analysis and scrutinizing collaboration in the field of environmental engineering.	1
This last fact is notable because it shows that every subject is connected to every other subject, even if only to a small degree.	1
Among imaging modalities, articles about MR imaging represent 69% of the top 100 most-cited articles in the imaging literature.	1
1 Department of Management, College of Business, Ohio University, Athens, OH 45701, USA	0
This Brief Communication is intended to point to a new feature in the Stata?	1
KEY WORDS: bibliometrics, citation analysis, cleft, impact factor, most-cited articles, publication, Web of Science	0
A framework including 13 indicators to quantify the distance factors between countries from 5 perspectives (i.e., geographic distance, economic distance, cultural distance, academic distance, and industrial distance) is proposed.	1
We thank Truyken Ossenblok, Ronald Rousseau, and Geert Van den Bossche for their most valuable help, suggestions, and initiative.	0
Arithmetic mean of citations of top 10, 20 and 30 authors of BL, MIP and MINCC methods	0
The authors declare no known conflicts of interest, whether personal, financial, academic or otherwise in the research presented.	0
This is the first trial to evaluate this subject based on the premise that the acquisition of information and learning behaviors will eventually change from before the era of easy internet accessibility.	1
b Providing a link to a publicly available database that the reader can readily check is good practice.	0
The interdisciplinary scope of megajournals is also distinctive, although our results show that even megajournals have degrees of specialization.	1
It is curious to find that these words were written by Barnaby Rich .	0
What this present study adds is a quantification of the association of the h-index with academic rank and a comparison with other bibliometrics.	1
This article addresses the rarely asked question why researchers publish at all.	1
Towards this goal, we demonstrate an easy way to track self-cites without distorting other metrics, namely the h-index.	1
Our analysis shows how the cognitive and the social dimensions of the DPG interact to generate the observed outcomes.	1
The current study demonstrates that this dispersion also occurs within the individual universities.	1
24 PUBLICATION IN THE MEDICAL SCIENCES — ROLAND AND KIRKPATRICK 1273	0
Our main recommendation for future prestige-bias studies is therefore to not focus on a single reputation metric.	1
This movement combines and expands upon previous initiatives, with the following guidelines:	1
Through providing some clear and reasonable results, this study identifies the major research themes, the correlation among research topics, and the relationship between the core authors and research themes in the field.	1
The chief finding of this study bears emphasis.	1
This paper is based on the paper submitted to the '9th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) & 14th COLLNET Meeting held at Tartu, Estonia, organized by the Estonian Research Council and COLLNET, 15-17 August 2013.’	0
This study contributes to a broader understanding of the usage of scientometric indicators in the context of assessing research institutions and researchers based on their publishing activities.	1
By analyzing more than 30 million scientific publications across 217 countries spanning the period 1973-2017, we provide a large-scale temporal analysis of national science development.	1
Therefore, we introduce a new measure for evaluating the quality and the productivity of a researcher that takes into account the researcher's publication record, the co-authors research quality, the impact factor of both the journal(s) published the research and the impact factor of the academic field, in addition to the time period in which the author published his/her research.	1
I refer the reader to Egghe (2008a) and Egghe (2008b) for similar studies about the these indices under transformations related to the ones considered in the present article.	0
These two networks is separated from each other, we expect to establish the linkages from the scientific network to the technological network through author-inventors.	0
Overview of the entire collection of papers from the three year CHI conference proceedings	0
For all ana- lyses, a P value of .05 or less was considered significant.	0
Acknowledgements This research has made use of NASA's Astrophysics Data System.	0
We find that the field has matured over this period, with articles published in the journal having a greater influence than before, an increase in citation links to environmental studies journals, a reduction in citation links to mainstream economics journals, and possibly a shift in themes to a more applied and empirical direction.	1
Spanish National Center for Epidemiology, Carlos III Health Institute, Madrid (Spain)	0
Therefore, in this study we redefine the criteria of sleeping beauties to broaden its application.	1
Letters, notes, articles in press, editorials, short surveys, erratum and books, account for 4%.	0
We introduce the idea to consider comments left on PubPeer as contradicting citations.	1
It's a seize the moment kind of spirit, things change quickly.	0
The weights of the variables associated with each factor are highlighted in bold	0
This article proposes that the use of English as the lingua franca of modern scholarly communication constitutes a 'hidden paywall' that counterproductively inhibits the participation of scholars from many parts of the world and particularly from the global south.	1
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
Second, the results could inform funding agencies on how to optimize their funding strategies to promote the maximal scientific impact of their programs.	1
Open access funding provided by Technion - Israel Institute of Technology.	0
We discover a plausible modular structure of languages comprising multidimensional factors, such as geographical, cultural, linguistic, and historical factors, by aggregating multiple topic similarities between languages into a knowledge structure similarity.	1
Our analysis is based on this unique data set, and investigates the existence and magnitude of a gender gap in the quality of the research output, analyzing the evaluation results of all journal articles, monographs, book chapters and other research output (“research papers” for brevity) submitted to the evaluation.	1
In the study reported here, we examined how new member heterogeneity and group size affect the productivity of such groups.	1
Conflict of interest statement: All authors declare that they do not have any conflicts of interest.	0
Across the globe and especially in Europe, higher education and research have become part of a model of international competition, comparable to the economic and financial competition which rages in other fields.	1
For an international review of performance-based research funding in tertiary education see OECD (2010).	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
I have also offered a novel conceptualisation of collaboration as both a form of inquiry and a form of organisation, which hold up the promise of a wide range of potentials for knowledge.	1
Received: 25 October 2018 / Received in final form: 5 May 2019 / Accepted: 23 September 2019	0
Firstly, this paper seeks to enrich the literature on scientific collaboration through sorting out the relevant research about COVID-19.	1
Its virtues lie in its restriction to clearcut instances of boundary-crossing behavior.	0
The map was created by Huai-yu Yang using Adobe Photoshop CS5 (Adobe inc, San Jose, CA, USA, https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/kb/plug-insphotoshop-cs5.html).	0
All statistical analysis was performed using JMP Pro 14 software (JMP, Pro 14, SAS Institute Inc, Cary, NC, 1989-2019).	0
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
This study therefore provides an innovative method for the quantitative analysis of a large volume of education policy documents.	1
When analysing the regional distribution of Nature publications, we found a high correlation between the expenditures and the number of local affiliations that are counted on a national basis.	1
Here we identify and characterize such diversity of profiles by career stage, by combining contribution statements with bibliometric variables and applying a machine learning algorithm to predict contributions.	1
Second, it contributes to the SC literature by testing the moderating effect of SC in the performance-multidisciplinarity relationship.	1
2 Faculty of Education, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, PR China.	0
In this work, we have derived explicit measures for the same in compact form.	1
This study differs from prior research, which analyzed the research performance of award receipts at only the aggregate level (Chan et al.	1
This journal is published by the University Library System of the University of Pittsburgh as part of its D-Scribe Digital Publishing Program and is cosponsored by the University of Pittsburgh Press.	0
This finding can assist future research in this or related fields by providing a worldwide overview of rural depopulation research over time.	1
The work also breaks new ground in the emerging literature on the effects of experience outside academia using the rotation program as its template (Kolympiris, Hoenen, and Klein 2019).	1
We believe this a novel methodology to create a system by which residency program chairmen and directors can assess progress over time as well as accurate comparison to other programs.	1
Most of the time, these debates are taking place without good empirical underpinning.	0
Combining citation data and text data, we provide a well-validated and user-friendly measure of scientific novelty.	1
The first subsection delineates the general trends in the accumulation of Mendeley readership over time, in comparison to those observed in citations and Twitter mentions.	0
In this article, a novel algorithm is proposed for the for- mation of scientific collaborations.	1
We excluded faculty members with no title or titles of lecturer, visiting, adjunct, or emeritus.	0
In this way, our work takes one more step in the study of the development of science and links this development firmly to the field of citation analysis.	1
The first interesting finding, which supports our prediction, is that food webs are not uniform, both in terms of ecosystem types and geographical areas.	1
*AV - AltaVista; Ex - Excite; Fa - Fast; Go - Google; HB - HotBot; NL-Northern Light	0
Bronick during his days as a graduate student at the University of Florida appeared in the pages of this journal.	0
Received: 18 October 2018 Revised: 9 January 2019 Accepted: 26 January 2019	0
The author Lance Stephen Kwok is the guarantor of the paper.	0
in Industrial and Systems Engineering; he presently works with Schneider Logistics, Green Bay, WI, USA.	0
The global economic decline of 2009 (as defined by the International Monetary Fund [5]) provides a unique opportunity to provide an updated look on where global ophthalmology research is heading since the work of Ohba [3].	1
The paper is structured as follows: First, we present the theoretical background.	0
Compared with existing IDR approaches, the extended measure has a unique advantage because it considers not only the number of citations of papers but also the relationship under a homogeneous network between paper and paper as well as the heterogeneous networks between paper and author or between paper and journal.	1
The main contribution of this study is twofold.	1
The results are shown as an average of n = 10,000 simulations	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The improved main path analysis considers two factors involved in citation preference, including discipline bias and time bias.	1
Conflict of interest The author declares that they have no conflict of interest.	0
We therefore need a smarter system that promotes essential findings in a way that is both engaging and educational.	1
It is quite far from the top cited papers, all the papers above the median have more citations.	0
Our research proposes an empirical contribution aiming at a) characterizing academic members of SNI in social sciences, and b) tracking their scientific work as proxy of their academic career progression.	1
To describe the characteristics of interdisciplinary collaboration and more fully account for the social sciences, we approached the limitations in bibliometric analysis from standardized databases by coupling the qualitative techniques of grounded theory building with the quantitative methods more common in bibliometrics.	1
The BIC indicator is a new indicator, specifically constructed to measure balance in collaboration.	1
Filling this hole, this study examines this assumption from an international perspective, using the case of industrial engineering departments at selective research universities in Chile and Korea.	1
Our design highlights a new way of investigating role modeling in the context of Open Science and other responsible research practices.	1
I want to introduce the concept of self-attribution processes of peripheralization or centralization when I refer specifically to the social system of science.	1
(2) We proposed a fine-grained authorship citation network for scientific impact evaluation.	1
Taking the official ranking exercise as a benchmark, the parsimonious methodology thus displays concurrent validity.	1
The informetric dynamic co-word network method has the following advantages and innovations above available co-word network analyses.	1
Again, the error bars were estimated by repeating the calculations with different random samples taken from the whole set of 2004 data for each field.	0
Furthermore, we provide evidence for important future discussions around scientific publishing and the use of preprint servers.	1
The 'kiss' is marked by a lighter circle with a dark border	0
We note, however, that the cohort's production distribution is underestimated by Lotka's law.	0
Our article provides diverse and significant contributions to the bibliometric literature on innovation compared with the aforementioned studies.	1
In cases where questions are related, the authors have combined the summaries.	0
Therefore, this research explores the possible use of metadata with co-citations for research paper recommender systems by presenting a novel approach that combines metadata similarity with co-citation scores to identify relevant documents.	1
T. Chiware is the director of libraries at Cape Peninsula University of Technology.	0
The IF Median is a better indicator than the JIF.	1
The salaries were obtained from the official tabulators of each institution	0
Keywords: research support; research impact; scholarly publishing; bibliometrics; research information systems; CRIS	0
PLOS ONE | www.plosone.org 1 March 2012 | Volume 7 | Issue 3 | e33339	0
To cite this article: Jay Larson (2017): Other voices: authors' literary-academic presence and publication in the discursive world system, Discourse: Studies in the Cultural Politics of Education, DOI: 10.1080/01596306.2016.1278357	0
It should further be noted that any types of transformations imposed on the training data should also be part of the cross-validation.	0
The new strategy forms part of a larger research initiative in the EORTC QLG.	1
In this study, we introduced a new method to study the collaboration among different organizations quantitatively, with Chinese 985UNIs as an example.	1
Table 1 Number of universities in ARWU 2013 (ARWU) and in the extended ARWU 2013 (E- ARWU) by country	0
We thank Sina Ghavamabadi, Antti Jalonen, Jaakko Kivist?, Penglong Li, Lauri Lindfors, Henri Peltonen, and Vertti Viitala for research assistance, and Petri Jylh?, Samuli Knüpfer, Kimmo Niinim?ki, and two anonymous reviewers and Michael Ungeheuer for comments.	0
With cross-disciplinary initiatives set to dominate the agenda of funding agencies, our case study provides a framework for appreciating the long-term effects of these initiatives on science and its standard-bearers.	1
Insight into the social structure—the extent and patterns of collaboration—in the community of researchers is an important step toward understanding the state of the science.	1
An information-forcing rule provides the best means to deter this manipulation tactic.	1
This study is a constructive attempt to show the macroscopic traits of academic books.	1
Note that most of the citations of these sample articles came from full-text articles (with cited references) available free on the Web.	0
Moreover, this was the first topic analysis study in the field of predatory publishing.	1
This is one of the reasons that studies on publication delay have not been undertaken in India, though there are several studies on other bibliometric aspects of journals by Indian authors2.	1
The data from Unpaywall website were retrieved during 27–29 June 2019.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 40 times since 2015*	0
But here we also uncover another rule of social impact of scholarly papers, which is divisions of impact in a citation structure.	1
Its goal is not to be a representative sample of stakeholders in the field, but to cover a broad spectrum of expert views.	0
This study not only uncovers the core knowledge structure of interdisciplinary research but also demonstrates the effectiveness of the LDA topic model as a data mining tool for revealing key topics and trends, providing practical tools for future research.	1
This paper addresses the conceptual opportunity created by prior investigations—the governance of knowledge (Klein and McGahan, 2021)—while acknowledging that generating new knowledge through either offline or online mechanisms within a PPP is critical.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
We seek to address this deficit by introducing a new type of heatmap that represents at least two levels of information on the AI, thus improving the interpretability of the heatmap.	1
Globally, nanotechnology research publications have grown exponentially for more than a decade[1].	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
The latter result demonstrates that our textual measure is of practical relevance for the study of interdisciplinarity.	1
While the data used by Seiler and Wohlrabe (2013) refers to 2011, our dataset includes all years up to 2019.	1
Of note is the proposed algorithm for the instantiation of semantic citation maps, premised on graph-theoretical paradigms and the meticulous elucidation of formal scientific document structures.	1
In this study we propose to identify core disciplines by comparing their share of references made by publications of the citing discipline (ri) with their share of all papers published (p?).	1
Descriptions of the six indicators can be found in Table 1.	0
The views expressed are those of the author(s) and not necessarily those of the NHS, the NIHR or the Department of Health.	0
1 Time series of (left) the number of submitted papers and (right) of the number of accepted papers when submitted to JSCS during a given month (m) in 2012, 2013 and 2014	0
where n is the number of nodes in the network; and wji represents the weight of the directed edge from node j to node i.	0
Second, the same procedure is followed to display the web data from the universities (page count, mention, impact, and usage indicators).	0
The centers sometimes run undergraduate and master's degree programs in East Asian Studies as well.	0
2 A P J Abdul Kalam Technological University, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala 695016, India	0
This plug-and-play characteristic of the proposed approach is what distinguishes it from previous approaches that focus on proposing a single, full-fledged prediction model trained and tuned on a specific training dataset.	1
Understanding the impact of socioeconomic status on online academic help-seeking provides a new perspective for educators in shaping students' participation in online learning and academic help-seeking.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Finally, we provide an interactive dashboard <https://hindex.shinyapps.io/shinyweb/> that presents normative data which can be searched and sorted based on a variety of user-specified variables.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1467-8047.htm	0
Here, we break new ground by bringing to light three novel insights.	1
The impression of one of the reviewers should be thankfully mentioned here.	0
It would be valuable to collect fresh data, which would reflect the current situation in the field.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(9):1178–1193, 2006	0
Pampouille (INRA-Direction of Information and Communication) for their collaboration in validation processes and anonymous referees for helpful comments.	0
Insight in scientific outcomes (publications) of mandatory research programmes fills a gap in the literature since previous studies mainly focus on elective research outcomes with a subset of students graduating without any research experience.	1
Creative Commons CC BY: This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License	0
2009a) to construct the first picture of global NSI research strategies.	1
Conflict of interest On behalf of all authors, the corresponding author states that there is no conflict of interest.	0
*We are indebted to Warren Hagstrom for providing the data analyzed here, and for advice and encouragement throughout our work on this project.	0
Furthermore, the best science is not necessarily receiving support under the present system since most applications in this percentile range, whether above or below current paylines, are indistinguishable with regard to citation productivity.	1
First, the cluster results advance and expand our knowledge of scientific creativity patterns in scholars' careers.	1
Finally, judging from the comparison between the data of citations and altmetrics, in this study, distinct reactions to OPR from different audiences are identified.	1
2 School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, United States	0
Author B and author C reviewed the work and suggested changes for improvement.	0
Details on the steps for this study are shown in Figure 1.	0
1 Department of Business and Economics, University of Cagliari, Cagliari, Italy	0
We are not aware of any RPYS study regarding the field of microbiology.	1
This pre-print is made available with the understanding that it will not be reproduced or stored in a retrieval system without the permission of Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	0
Wood, Department of Accounting, Law and Management Science, Portsmouth Business School, Richmond Building, Portland Street, Portsmouth, PO1 3DE, UK.	0
It should be mentioned, that the results of the analysis of other journals (not presented here) show similar patterns.	0
This case study shows that these R&P agreements have significantly boosted OA uptake in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.	1
The dominant clustering of topics regarding multilingualism can be understood as a timely response to the multilingual research fever (May, 2014).	1
Our study presents a unique opportunity to test some of their insights in a way that is more systematic and can yield generalizable insights on the dynamics of field evolution.	1
Our results may prove to be an important contribution to the field due to the unique longitudinal datasets and the multidisciplinary approach used.	1
Received: 27 December 2020 / Accepted: 14 December 2021 / Published online: 31 January 2022	0
The goal of our study is to undertake the first systematic analysis of empirical regularities in bibliometric distribution patterns in the OB and HRM academic discipline.	1
The rest of this paper is organised as follows: a brief literature review focusing primarily on recent studies which have used scientometric indicators as proxies of research output as well as a discussion on the ways of measuring research output are presented in Sect.	0
The final stable scores are used as the indicator of the significance of the papers.	0
This paper adds to a growing body of literature on the dynamics of academic collaboration by examining the research output of economists affiliated to Portuguese institutions in the period 1999-2013.	1
The methodology and the calculations that were used in this study are described in detail and we believe that the lessons we learnt, and the recommendations we make, will be of much use to future researchers interested in using the WoS OA labels, and to the field of citation advantage in general.	1
This system of previous extraction of geographical origins is possibly the main contribution of this study.	1
We also explore some factors related to the peer effect of young returnee scientists, thus enriching our understanding of the mechanisms of the peer effect.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Firstly, this study utilizes mediation techniques to offer novel insights into the relationships between early usage counts, early Mendeley readership, and citations.	1
Tokyo Institute of Technology, Graduate School of Decision Science and Technology, History of Science and Technology Group, Tokyo, Japan	0
In the spirit of working openly, all data are being released under a Creative Commons Public Domain (CCO) licence and will be publicly uploaded to FigShare.	1
The thematic analysis revealed the presence of almost all the themes highlighted by Chen et al.	1
However, this paper is oriented in the opposite direction analyzing how social factors could be influencing scientific results.	1
In recent years, two new bibliographic databases have been introduced, which can be used to study growth processes in science from centuries back: Dimensions from Digital Science and Microsoft Academic.	1
Ultimately, we believe that feminist scholars and publishers can lead the way in improving access and demonstrating more inclusive models for academics and community partners.	1
2013) requires conservation problems to be framed simultaneously in both natural and socioeconomic dimensions.	1
In response, this paper reports a longitudinal weekly study of the Mendeley readers of articles in 6 library and information science journals from 2016.	1
In particular, in our study we go beyond an assessment of error rates to consider the implications of such errors.	1
The performed research has been undertaken through a brand-new set of feature analysis that has been completed by the traditional key publication features explorations.	1
Table 1: Web-journals Publishing > 1% of Total Publications by the Nuclear Scientists	0
Keywords Research collaboration · SAARC · Scientific collaboration · Scientometrics · South Asia	0
Received 14 August 2023; Received in revised form 16 January 2024; Accepted 15 February 2024	0
1 Munich Center for Technology in Society (MCTS), Technical University of Munich, Arcisstra?e 21, 80333 Munich, Germany	0
This paper enriches the study of the academic network at both the university and national level with the analysis of the countries' overall hyperlink connections, international bandwidth capacity, GDP, GDP/capita, student flows and the number of Nobel Prizes won by its citizens.	1
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
It explores how the practice of peer review, with all its deficiencies, has been superseded by the peer review of myth, with no deficiencies at all.	1
First, however, the data sources used in that study are discussed.	0
Third, to go beyond simply evaluating the impact on productivity measured by publication output, we analyze how inbreeding affects academics' choice of research subjects.	1
Yuanyuan Wang: Data curation, Formal analysis, Writing - original draft, Writing - review & editing.	0
We would like to thank the three referees for their comments.	0
This article is the first to empirically analyze the overall citation impact of LAS as a literature and its impact over an extended period of time and across the law literature and other fields.	1
To appear in: Oral Surg Oral Med Oral Pathol Oral Radiol	0
The author is most grateful to Steve Lawrence, co-developer of ResearchIndex, for preparing and providing the screen images used in this review.	0
1, wherein the expected growth values have been derived and calculated using the Straight line equation Y = mx + c (where, c = y,	0
For example, Organisms is classified as a level 1 MeSH term (category B), Aedes is classified as a level 14 MeSH term, and the hierarchical structure Organisms/Eukaryota/Animals/Invertebrates/Arthropods/Insect a/Pterygota/Neoptera/Holometabola/Diptera/Nematocera/Culico morpha/Culicidae/Aedes represents a branch from the broadest term Organisms to the narrowest term Aedes.	0
Table I: Distribution of the sample according to different types of publisher, access and review.	0
None have considered the social inputs and outputs related to these investments.	1
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Then, the results of the previous section are reported and discussed in the “Results and discussion” section.	0
There is an order of magnitude difference in the percentage of Astro/Particle and Other conference delegates posting 10 or more tweets using the conference hashtag (1.1 vs 0.1 %).	1
No paper should be written in a vacuum without the intellectual feedback of colleagues.	0
Date received: 17th January 2011; revised: 20th July 2011; accepted: 22nd July 2011	0
The SNA, while it still relies on bibliometric data, presents a new visualization tool that reveals relationships through the examination of social structure and interaction within social systems (Wellman, 1988).	1
The authors are in the CSIR-National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology, Thiruvananthapuram 695 019, India.	0
The main lesson we learned was that there is no “region” in the sense of a community of scholars bonded by communication ties.	1
Hilmer is associate professor in the Department of Economics, San Diego State University.	0
How Big We Make Silicon IR Domes is Still a Secret	0
As a case in point, publication outlet rankings in Management Information Systems (MIS) had produced an ultra-short list of two so-called “elite” journals (Dennis, Valacich, Fuller, & Schneider, 2006).	0
The concept of productivity used by AA combines our concepts of productivity and impact.	0
Author’s address: 5 Wahroonga Avenue, Wahroonga, New South Wales 2076, Australia.	0
We describe a method to calculate the hjif-index for JCR groups as an analogue to the h-index.	1
This evidence of value can be used to defend any local library "tax" that academic departments pay as well as promote services to help faculty demonstrate their research impact.	1
JEL codes as field-classification scheme for impact normalization and combine these approaches with recommendations from relevant metrics guidelines (e.g.	1
The list also contains a number of organizations (e.g., Hardware) whose raison d'être is hard to assess.	0
The list of journals and their supporting database sources are provided below:	0
Corresponding author: Muhammad Fazal Hussain Qureshi, MBBS, Doctor, Medical College, Ziauddin University, Shahra E Ghalib, Block 6 Clifton, Karachi 75000, Sindh, Pakistan.	0
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
The paper provides an alternative vision of the role of metrics in research assessment, and will be of interest to policy makers, bibliometricians, and anyone interested in HEI research assessment.	1
The study findings provide an awareness for the strong need to establish citation practices for design scholars, which will add to the body of knowledge in clothing and textiles and increase the impact of design scholarship beyond the discipline.	1
Meanwhile, a machine learning algorithm was applied to fit three link prediction indexes, fully assessing local structure, path, and random walk information, to improve the accuracy of the link prediction method.	1
Our study contributes to filling this literature gap.	1
Ethical approval All applicable institutional and/or national guidelines for the care and use of animals were followed.	0
It is proposed to consider the following mathematical model of publication selection.	1
It then considers some alternative sources of evidence (at the individual, institutional, and national levels) that demonstrate research strengths in Irish arts and humanities research, which were overlooked by policymakers in the process of research prioritization.	1
To preserve the anonymity of the applicants, passages can no longer be quoted.	0
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
Co-authorship networks are increasingly used as valuable tools to evaluate interoperability trends and reveal leading researchers and organisations (Fonseca et al., 2016).	0
In this article, we seek to contribute to the debate from a broader theoretical perspective, which posits the rankings as fundamental elements in the contest for cultural hegemony on a global scale.	1
A list of the included journals is available in Table 2.	0
Error terms between items 6 and 7 (0.29) as well as items 2 and 3 (0.32), 2 and 4 (0.25), and 3 and 4 (0.30) are correlated.	0
This key result of our study sheds light on differing results in the publications by Colliander and Ahlgren (2012) and by Thijs et al.	1
National Research Council of Italy and Laboratory for Studies of Research and Technology Transfer, Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell'Impresa, Universitá degli Studi di Roma Tor Vergata, Via del Politecnico 1, 00133 Rome, Italy.	0
The combination of reference databases, Unpaywall API and a custom R script is proven to be an effective solution for populating the repository.	1
Annual average exchange rates between the Romanian RON and the Euro as well as the US dollar are provided for contextual reference based on data from the National Bank of Romania (Retrieved from https://www.bnro.ro/StatisticsReportHTML.aspx?icid=800&table=705&column=); the currency values have been rounded to two digits	0
This paper attempts to highlight quantitatively and qualitatively the growth and development of world literature on materials chemistry in terms of journal papers and citations as per Scopus database.	1
However, no extensive analysis has been performed of these two major journals in a single year and on the impact of published articles.	1
Part B — (indicative length: 20 pages); this part is the body of the proposal and describes the KIC, what it wants to accomplish, its strategy,	0
Additionally, Bepress/Elsevier has included our repository in a globally distributed case study document, along with three other schools, to showcase and highlight our innovativeness and best practices.	1
In this section, the findings obtained based on the research questions are expressed in order:	0
Our quantitative approach shows that the growing production in the social sciences but also the rise of international collaborations between regions have not led to a more homogeneous circulation of the knowledge produced by different regions, or to a substantial increase in the visibility of the contributions produced by peripheral regions.	1
The current alternative one point per article, regardless of size - is not a very good one.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
For the main economic species identified by FAOSTAT, their rank in terms of world production (tons in 2008) is in brackets.	0
This article, as part of the 'Truncated Careers' project, could not have been written without the support and confidence of SEBAP (Sociedad Econòmica Barcelonesa d'Amics del País).	0
For utilising the benefits of content analysis in DCA, we propose a method of DCA where semantic similarities obtained through LSA act as weights for the co-citation association.	1
Recibido el 27 de noviembre de 2019; aceptado el 24 de diciembre de 2019	0
(2018)—one involving the exertion of research production “effort”—that is not explicitly examined in Brogaard et al.	1
This makes the steps taken by SLIM to enact—and by ESU to approve—a policy that so clearly and strongly supports and rewards faculty publishing in OA venues all the more important and noteworthy.	1
In summary, this case study on scholarly social media use provides evidence that closely observing the circumstances among which different kinds of altmetrics arise is necessary to get to an informed picture of what they express.	1
The objective of this paper is to provide a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of OR/MS in Mainland China, including a statistical analysis of the number and type of articles, along with co-author analysis by author, institution and country level.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-016-1984-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
It is in this context, we propose a sophisticated new metric, ‘ALIS’ – Author Lineage Independent Score, that measures SI beyond their genealogical network.	1
N. SOMBATSOMPOP et al.: A modified method for calculating the Impact Factors	0
In determining these indicators, we used the web-based tool InCites Benchmarking and Analytics.	0
We have studied a scientific corpus of a journal in Geography, combining multiple points of view through their embedding in the geographical space.	1
Avneesh Chhabra serves as a consultant to ICON Medical and Treace Medical Concepts Inc.	0
To my knowledge this has not yet been done in the literature.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly credited.	0
This content downloaded from 128.148.252.35 on Sat, 27 Jul 2013 21:04:28 PM	0
Consequently, this research should furnish various parameters and considerations that should be normalized before attempting to compare citations of papers and/or authors across different research areas even in the very same field.	1
The dendrogram in Figure 2 depicts the hierarchical structure of the research topics and summarizes the relationships among them.	0
Figures reported as % of all articles included in the studied index.	0
While many scholars have adopted Whitley's typology of scientific disciplines, his core claims on elite formations are rarely cited and have never been tested.	1
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV OF PENNSYLVANIA on June 24, 2015	0
Evolution of a new scientific field as sketched by Hambrick and Chen (2008).	0
We document consistent gender differences in scientific communication across two grant-awarding institutions: female applicants are more likely to use language with high readability, concreteness, and narrow words and are less likely to use positive words and broad words and to concentrate in a single medical subject.	1
The user has to go through this process until the new rule is accepted into the rule base.	0
Thirdly, we investigated whether other variables influence productivity, and therefore explain part of the gendered productivity differences.	1
This observation suggests that the NRF rating system is equitable in the sense that the outcomes of peer review are generally consistent with bibliometric measures of research performance across different disciplines in the biological sciences.	1
Despite the limitations, our study provides a number of different metrics that give a clearer picture of how developmental psychology programs compare across Canada.	1
The present article addresses this by proposing what could be called 'crowd-authoring' an approach in which a global group of academics work together to co-author a manuscript.	1
I will take the first claim constitutive of my functional explanation to be adequately confirmed.	0
Next to the policy itself, ethical questions arise on how it came into being, what inspired it, and how such a decision ought to be communicated to potential authors.	0
While enriching the relevant literature research in this field, it also provides a new perspective for the management literature research.	1
To date, there have been no comprehensive bibliometric analyses of Australian and New Zealand orthopaedic research.	1
First, this article is the first attempt to conduct a comprehensive review of PR field, and it fills up the gaps in the existing literature.	1
Acknowledgements This work was supported by the China Scholarship Council (Grant No.	0
In this respect, our paper offers three main contributions.	1
Editor's note: Due to an error in the production offices of the	0
Overall, this experiment reveals evidence supporting the advantages of an anonymous discussion setup in the peer-review process, in terms of the evaluation criteria considered herein.	1
The focus here is to explore the extent to which the readerships for the publications saved by the different users in Mendeley are related to their citations.	0
(*) % calculated based on the number of publications with FA information.	0
These results provide evidence that group heterogeneity moderates the effects of group size, and they suggest that desirable diversity in groups may be better leveraged in smaller, more collective units.	1
The indices we tested here could create new areas for research in evaluative scientometrics.	1
Table 5: Distribution of Malaysian Journals in DOAJ by University Publishers	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Mike Perkins on 24 April 2024.	0
JBR is available at http://scindeks-bic.ceon.rs but only through the proxies of the Serbian Academic Network.	0
Building on laboratory studies and the French “pragmatic” tradition in sociology, this article proposes an approach to tackle more pervasive capitalist logics at work in contemporary research and their consequences.	1
The Turing Award is recognized as the “highest distinction in Computer science" and "Nobel Prize of computing", awarded by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).	0
The trend is quite evident from the fact that in the present era quite a number of periodicals have shifted their titles from traditional librarianship to emphasise information, viz.,	0
This paper demonstrates a violation of causality: written in 1999, it was published in 1997!	0
1Durrell Institute of Conservation and Ecology, University of Kent, Canterbury, UK	0
Second, topological structures and core-periphery structures of the flow network of Chinese scientists are depicted and the role of cities as network nodes is identified by curriculum vitae analysis.	1
We present pediatric endocrinologists with an example of a platform where they can produce large studies with low cost and a high number of patients.	1
The remaining weakest indicators with almost all zeros (Policy, Patent, Videos etc.)	0
Unless otherwise indicated, results are reported as percentages of respondents agreeing with a statement.	0
The proposed method also has significant advantages compared with other comprehensive IRO evaluation methods.	1
Numbers in the five category columns do not add to the total due to overlaps between the categories.	0
* My thanks to Louise Neilson and Michael Zich, I am deeply grateful for their assistance with this manuscript.	0
More surprisingly, all of the top 10 patentees belong to Japan, demonstrating that Japan was particularly focused on the membrane water treatment technology (Kimura 1985).	0
The second contribution of the paper is that it addresses intra-collaboration at university team’s level within the context of a developing country.	1
A novel methodological contribution of the article is the use of science overlay maps (Ràfols et al., 2010) combined with qualitative interviews to illustrate institutional dynamics.	1
First, this research proposes a new model that goes beyond the traditional approaches to evaluate the performance of universities.	1
(Submitted July 20, 1992; sent for revision January 18; received and accepted March 5, 1993)	0
School of Law and Government, Dublin City University, Dublin 9, Ireland	0
2013 ASIS&T Published online 21 October 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
*Attorney, editor, sponsor, institutional official often with author, or not clear.	0
purpose of analyzing the variables of cross-city R&D cooperation by using cooperative patent data.	1
Received August 31, 2011; revised October 18, 2011; accepted November 7, 2011	0
This study provides further evidence in a higher education setting that team learning is a social process, as well as insights into effective pedagogy for teaching team learning in the classroom.	1
Our findings raised several issues related to the limitations of this methodology as a measure of research impact, when used in isolation.	1
This article has highlighted the challenges facing local journals in Malaysia as they compete with ISI-indexed journals.	1
Accordingly, this study proposes a JDC index to analyze and evaluate differences in journal content.	1
These recommendations to editors are designed to improve article engagement and facilitate evidence synthesis, thereby aligning scientific publishing with the modern needs of academic research.	1
These papers acted to prevent the rapid growing of those predatory journals, but they were not able to stop them.	0
Finally, we conclude the paper by discussing our results and suggesting several avenues for future research.	0
Herrera", Departamento de Biología Evolutiva, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), Apdo.	0
Authors' addresses (respectively): Interdisciplinary Department of Information Science, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15260, USA; Department of Social Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia 30332, USA.	0
Authors would like to express gratitude to the Editor-in-Chief and reviewers for their valuable comments and suggestions which significantly enhanced the qual- ity of the paper.	0
This table provides articles that illustrate different combinations of high and low ROAR scores and citation counts.	0
Part of the research was conducted during Shengbo Liu's visiting doctoral studentship at the iSchool at Drexel University.	0
For decades, researchers have attempted to develop techniques to measure science advances (Narin 1978) and existing techniques.	0
A significant number of objective metrics, based on the citation count, have been developed in the mining community for ranking the journals, authors and articles.	1
The authors would like to thank Debi Toombs for assisting with the organization of the abstract history.	0
We aimed at bridging this gap with a hand-curated dataset of 81 junior faculty members from 27 information schools.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In Section 2, I briefly discuss various stages in the publication process.	0
Table 2 shows the shares of top thirty collaboration partners in mainland China's total co-publications in the 2008–2015 period.	0
Therefore, in this paper, we provide an analysis of a likely scenario that many authors are facing nowadays when they take on the difficult task of studying the details of suspicious journals as possible venues for the publication of their research findings.	1
The next step was to establish how extensively each remaining term had been used within sociology itself.	0
In our estimation, changes in the WCU market will slow down.	1
Therefore, aiming to construct a bilingual (English and Japanese) content-based map of science for the analyses of ST &I information resources in different languages, this article proposes a method for creating word and paragraph vectors corresponding to bilingual textual information in the same multidimensional space.	1
It offers a descriptive analysis of fourteen years of publication, covering two national research assessments (RAE 2008 and REF 2014).	1
Strengths and Weaknesses are combined to become Disclosure of Relevant Facts (DORF), and FRIN will be replaced by one simple standardized sentence: Better Research Is Needed Than This.	1
This article summarizes the key findings of the committee and underscores some of the challenges of OA for journals with a profile similar to the CJPS, as well as for the broader research ecosystem that they support.	1
This research has heeded the call by Hussain (2015) for further in-depth surveys of academic attitudes to lists to be conducted.	1
She is currently involved in an EU-funded e-learning project which explores how children and teachers across Europe can use digital online and mobile technologies in teaching and learning.	0
For the second challenge, we design a visual analysis approach to discover the patterns on the basis of the generated topic-tree and the member weights.	1
This paper is the first to analyse the effects of several dissemination channels in an open access environment.	1
1 Department of Production Engineering, Federal University of Technology – Paraná, Monteiro Lobato Avenue, km 4, Ponta Grossa, Parana 84016-210, Brazil	0
However, there is one thing that most established sociologists seem to agree on regardless of theoretical orientation, area of expertise, or methodological approach: “Today, you have to publish much more than you did ‘back in my day' to get a faculty job and to get tenure.”	0
This analysis did not require a pair of reviews per manuscript.	0
While these studies capture trends in the disciplinary development of iSchools, they exclude a large segment of the LIS programs not in the iCaucus and do not represent disciplinary developments of the LIS field as a whole.	1
This work provides researchers with an overview that encourages them to overcome the dominant male normative lens from new epistemological perspectives.	1
Our analysis reveals the striking prevalence of articles written by researchers based in developed countries, although an increasing share of the production published in development journals is written in collaboration between authors from different locations.	1
Second, parameters were computed to fit the model to the transformed counts.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Using bibliometric tools the study suggests that Cuban science policy and practice ensure the application of science for social needs by harnessing human resources through national and international collaboration, building in this way stronger scientific capacity.	1
Our dataset is a contribution to the research community that goes beyond the specificities of the topic studied in this work; we hope it will become a useful resource for the broader scientometrics community to assess the performance of natural language processing (NLP) approaches developed for the study of fine-grained differences between preprints and papers.	1
The described differences are due to the availability—for use as controlling factors in the quality assessment of the scientific and technical documents—of the technologically derived content-related context of the analyzed documents (without the involvement of experts).	1
2020) that typically fail to address effects at a field's 'global' level.	1
Given the limitations and drawbacks of the existing approaches (Huang et al., 2003; Scheu et al., 2006; Porter et al., 2008), this research sets out to develop an improved method that uses a combination of both patent classification codes and lexical queries.	1
The Deputy Editor reviewed each revision of the article, and it underwent a final review by the Editor-in-Chief prior to publication.	0
In this sense, there is no study that analyzes the publications of JTTM by using a bibliometric approach.	1
For the purpose of simplifying, we use cm instead of Ctm).	0
To overcome this limitation, we present an optimization ranking algorithm that leverages the P-Rank algorithm and weighted citation networks to provide a more accurate article ranking.	1
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: We discuss the related work for traditional approaches in the MPA section.	0
To this end, we develop a non-overlapping generation model to evidence the theoretical idea of research externalities between academic institutions.	1
We need only look to the recent Blockchain for Science conference [3] and the progress these innovators have made since then for a view into how this technology is making inroads into the fabric of scholarly communications.	0
To provide a note of caution in this respect, in this work I provide new evidence that citations reflect many more social trends within the discipline than scientific quality alone, and that these additional elements do not become irrelevant when aggregating across publications or authors to calculate bibliometric indexes.	1
While Chan (2001) provided a preliminary retrospective analysis of the journal's first 10 years, it has been 14 years and IREF has evolved.	1
Second, this study complements knowledge-based view by providing insights on how to utilize international collaboration.	1
In a world first for an academic research institution, in 2016 the Montreal Neurological Institute and Hospital (the MNI) adopted a broad open science policy across all of its research activities.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge from review of previous literature, it has not yet been used in the discipline of sustainability and environmental science.	1
It also deepens the research on ASN utilization of corporation researchers and could give references for ASNs to improve service for corporation users in different research areas.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 17 times since 2018*	0
Nicholson is in the Department of Biological Sciences, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Virginia, USA.	0
1 Of course, university departments have wider responsibilities than research (Coronini and Mangematin 1999).	0
By analyzing the existing literature in new combinations, it may lead to new directions of green energy research.	1
Thus, the novelty of this research lies in the development of a framework that has high usability due to the minimized dependency on semantics and the absence of supervised learning techniques.	1
This study offers a large-scale empirical assessment of the relationship between higher education institutional factors and emerging researcher outcomes.	1
A Bibliometric Study of Research Topics and Sustainability of Packaging in the Greater China Region.	0
An extensive survey of existing methods for plagiarism detection, categorizing them as based on content, based on content and structure, or based on citation—we also report on systems that took part in plagiarism evaluation campaigns; ?	1
Keywords Garfield’s Constant · Garfield Ratio · Garfield Factor · Citation rate · Impact factor	0
Third, driving mechanisms behind Chinese scientists' flow patterns are revealed through the application of relevant talent flow theories.	1
The current study compiles a comprehensive list and analysis of the 100 most-cited articles relevant to neuroscience that enables the comprehensive identification and recognition of the most important and relevant research topics concerned.	1
The current study compares two databases on OA status, and validates specific data elements from these sources.	1
This study presents the result of a cross-disciplinary and diachronic examination of cohesive devices used in high citation research article (HCRA) titles, a hitherto less-explored subgenre of academic discourse.	1
Editor-in-Chief Ludo Waltman, which significantly improved the quality of the paper.	0
To our knowl- edge, our paper is the first one to apply such a framework to the co- authorship issue.	1
The present study is the first survey on the quantity and quality of publications in the field of spine in three major regions of China.	1
This study provides a deeper understanding of gender-related scientific collaboration.	1
Finally, it is concluded that the indicator of corresponding author brings significant contributions to the understanding of the Brazilian institutions' scientific impact reach, by enlarging the understanding the influence of the corresponding author status, or not, on the recognition of their science produced by the scientific community and by the reward system of science.	1
The paper, overall, contributes to the science, research management, and gender perspectives of university internationalization goals and initiatives.	1
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Here, we provide some insights that have not been covered in-depth in the current literature, such as the role of retraction notices in reducing stigma and the importance of having a limitation section in a research article.	1
The broader the scope of 'impact' audience becomes, the more traditional metrics based on citations in scientific literature lose their relevance and weight.	0
This work will contribute to finding the leading paper, and it is useful for decision-makers and researchers to decide the worthy research topic to invest their resources.	1
Integrating impact and novelty into the evaluation framework overcomes the limitations of traditional evaluation methods, which primarily rely on citation-based metrics.	1
Ethical approval: The survey was approved by the Columbia University institutional review board as an exempt protocol.	0
We think that a useful next step toward operationalizing bibliographic metrics is to propose and evaluate feedback loop mechanisms.	1
We define below some of the terms used by the journal:	0
* The authors' names are alphabetically ordered and they contributed equally to this paper.	0
Bold values on the diagonal of the Table are always set to 1.0 and represent the correlation of a variable with itself	0
While this cohort-based, project-specific team science class is one model for student training, we also recognize that other models and interventions exist for incorporating team science training into student development.	1
James Walker is Head of International Business and Strategy at Henley Business School.	0
This method is unique in its focus on the department.	1
The goal of our study is to address some of these issues in the literature by using survey data to explore the social dynamics of co-authoring teams with a particular focus on the quality of collaboration experiences.	1
In addition we provide data about scientific cooperation among Balkan countries through joint publications.	1
However, our proposed method is more specific in IRO evaluation as it identifies specific objective and subjective criteria and develops a maximum consensus weighting method for IRO evaluation.	1
M. Goovaerts for the preparation of the citation data of the Price medallists (January 2006).	0
A novel graphical representation of sentence complexity: the description and its application	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:374341 []	0
Downloaded from sth.sagepub.com at ΚΑΙ NAN UNIV on February 15, 2015	0
This gap is significant since acknowledgement sections in scientific papers indicate publications are often supported by multiple funding sources.	1
By introducing mapping technology which is commonly used in bibliometrics, this study managed to map the selected 90 important international academic awards and visually present their relative importance and the relationships between them, taking the reputation of each award as its weight and the distribution of co-awardees for every pair of awards as the basis for building their relationships.	1
This paper addresses both issues by using the scores given by 105 evaluators to 1900 doctoral students and their academic outcomes (completion time and job market outcomes) 10 years after the competition.	1
Therefore, this study suggests that the research results of the contribution patterns can be applied as a new research performance indicator for countries or university departments in research evaluation activities.	1
Considering the social impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, this scientometric study is significant for identifying the growth of literature in the social sciences and can help researchers within this field gain quantitative insights into the development of research on COVID-19.	1
3 Collaboration network of the top 10 most productive countries (SCI-EXPANDED)	0
This is the first time that the cognitive dimension has been accorded the same degree of importance as the disciplinary and organisational dimensions.	1
Among these articles (to which we refer as 'normal' articles), book reviews, corrections, editorial materials, letters, proceeding papers and reviews are the most important ones.	0
Given such an enormous quantity of information, the importance of quality assurance is vital.	0
Bibliometric is defined as applying quantitative and statistical analysis to citations and other kinds of bibliographic information.	0
Also excluded were all citations to article i by other coauthors of article i.	0
Our results allow us to observe the evolution of the FI calculated over 10 years, which is a new feature in the field since the FI had never before been applied to countries and, therefore, its evolution had not been studied on the basis of this indicator.	1
We call Researcher in this paper anybody who is funded by NSERC while Professional Researchers are only the ones that are not counted as students.	0
We also make contributions to the understanding of interdisciplinary research (IDR) from the perspective of publishing outside researchers' original field.	1
We conclude by proposing a way forward potentially applicable to both physical and social measurement, in which inferences are modelled in terms of a measurement system, where specifically the output of the instrument in response to probing the object ('entity') is a performance metric, i.e.	1
Productivity index and level of contributions of authors in HCA in LIS	0
The use of the co-authorship network to perform matching between male and female authors provides a global view of each author's position in the co-authoring space and allows for a fine-grained analysis the different effects of collaboration on junior researchers by gender.	1
Renormalized impact factors for the selected journals from 1991 to 1996	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.	0
Generally, this gave the informant a new terminology to describe and recap their previous points on investments and outcomes.	0
The diseases included in this study as well as the search terms entered in PubMed (and the expanded queries) are available as supporting material.	0
Table 3 reflects the rich diversity of the journals in which MIS scholars publish their research.	0
Figure 1 also omits three journals that have subscription prices over $1,000, as well as paid circulation below 2,500 copies.	0
For instance, a paper signed by authors from Italy, France and Spain would count three times since the signatures would involve three different countries.	0
For the reason that leader papers of “emerging topics” share the similar characters with the “cover papers", this study present a novel approach to translate the “emerging topics" detection to “cover paper” prediction.	1
events occurred at different times for the various jour- nals, we asked all participants to keep the existence of our study confidential until the entire project was finished (i.e., when there were no more resubmitted manuscripts being reviewed).	0
This changed to 25.7 after the first revision and became 32.0 after editing.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This article describes the data harvesting and conversion process, its current limitations and plans for future development.	1
Note that these hypertext systems were much more homogeneous and controlled than the Web.	0
The authors wish to acknowledge the encouragement and guidance of Ms.	0
In this case, of course, X* is equal to the mean value of the distribution.	0
We find a nearly perfect fit, as is the case of Zipf's.	0
We extracted the last author based on the common practice that this is often the driving force (intellectually or financially) and/or the corresponding, overseeing or supervising author.20	0
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: the second part introduces the methods and data sources used in this study; the third part describes the research results in detail, including research institutions and cooperative network analysis, hotspots and stage division, and research topic evolution characteristics; the fourth section summarizes the full text and prospects the future research trends.	0
Downloaded from http://tobaccocontrol.bmj.com/ on April 5, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
This constitutes a new manner of extracting additional economic value from a small number of existing journals.	1
The two contrasting projections that I suggest are ‘author focused and ‘journal focused’.	1
Further details of research institute fitness and research field nicheness can be found in Section 3.	0
As a solution to this, an index that uses the total citations (in a cumulative manner as in the case of g-index) and can be simply computed (especially for discrete systems) is proposed.	1
2013; Macfarlane, Zhang, and Pun 2014;), no evidence of an objective review with bibliometric analysis was found.	1
In this sense, the proposed approach does not contribute to the current discussion directly but rather indirectly through the provision of relevant data (i.e., SCI publications within NPRs).	1
Section 2 reviews the literature on S&T linkages and relevant analysis techniques.	0
This indicator (known and used in economics as Comparative Advantage Index typically calculated with export data) has originally been introduced by FRAME (1977) in bibliometrics and long used in macro studies (for instance, SCHUBERT et al., 1989).	0
Cole, Social Stratification in Science (Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1973).	0
One-third of child health investigators obtained subsequent NIH awards in the short follow-up period demonstrating success of the CTSA CDA programs.	1
Our analysis considers the new journal list initiatives in the Chinese science context, expressing its specific national needs and concerns.	1
This conclusion allows us to highlight the contribution of the bibliometric analysis as a decision support tool in peer-review evaluations.	1
Here I show what careers are behind the 334 SAAs published between 2003 and 2017, what is their impact and the relationship between the impact and careers behind.	1
Received: 14 June 2023 / Accepted: 9 November 2023 / Published online: 13 December 2023	0
This work takes an alternative approach to resolving the underlying problem: the proposal is to value citations by the impact of the citing articles, regardless of the length of their reference list.	1
Our aim is to draw attention to the existence of different approaches for constructing bibliometric networks, to clarify the conceptual differences between these approaches, and to show that these approaches may yield very different results.	1
Nonetheless, there is little available evidence that this organization takes into account the scholarly impact of applicants with objective bibliometrics that assess scholarly relevance, such as the h index.	1
The authors are grateful for helpful assistance from the scholars we interviewed, and acknowledge the helpful comments and assistance of two anonymous reviewers.	0
This study is the first to propose measuring the recombinant novelty of scientific documents based on the word-embedding technique.	1
The method of labelling clusters is also proposed by the author of this paper and applied in this study for the first time.	1
Our results further demonstrate the value of publisher-provided metadata to improve the transparency in scholarly publishing.	1
Fourth, this is the first study that explores the moderating effect of citation level (i.e., the level of citation count) on the influence of self-citation, which addresses the question of whether self-citation behavior is context-dependent.	1
This article addresses the statistical necessities of public policy evaluation, finding administrative data can serve as a control group when proper steps are taken to match the samples.	1
A complete financial statement and scientific progress report are required annually.	0
It does not represent the views of the NIEHS or NIH.	0
The results of the cluster analysis reveal the main research problems in WR being addressed by the scientific community, and the subsequent mapping shows the overall structure of this field.	1
This study provides KSA's detailed analysis of dermatology related publications patterns.	1
The new measure applied to this same data reverses the order: Shanghai is ranked in the first place, and Rotterdam only in the 16th place among twenty cities.	1
This study falls in the same vein; it proposes a new factor—topic growth rate—to determine its association with citation impact of articles.	1
Based on the induced knowledge exchanges, we define distinct roles that boundary crossing outputs play in this process, namely settlers, disseminators, transcenders, and maintainers, and reveal that they have distinct performances on interdisciplinarity.	1
This type of pioneering work, not having received large numbers of direct citations, needs subsequent papers to realize its innate potential.	1
The other contribution of this study is that we found the most important features for clinical citation count prediction was the features in the reference dimension, which should not have been ignored in the previous studies.	1
The findings demonstrate the benefits of such as model.	1
Figure 7 shows the node betweenness distribution of an interdisciplinary knowledge network in China.	0
For instance, a policy that focuses on economic inequality and increasing investments in pro-poor areas, alone, might exacerbate the underrepresentation of women and gender inequalities in STEM fields as an unintended consequence.	0
Thus, this article serves three related purposes: (1) it presents a brief bibliographic history of Agribusiness; (2) it identifies what material from the journal is being used by others in their research as well as who has published in the journal; and (3) it provides a glimpse into the activities of its editors and presents a brief case study of one organization's evolution.	1
Received (in Montpellier, France) 30th April 2015, Accepted 28th August 2015	0
The data for this study was harvested from the web-version of the database.	0
Having thus shaved the critique with Occam's razor, we will proceed to use the term non-reader to describe a citer who copies.	0
The authors would like to thank Heather Oviatt for providing a number of necessary references.	0
Useful comments of the anonymous referees that helped sharpen the paper are greatly appreciated.	0
Mapping and visualisation are conducted by original tools developed by the authors.	0
The data collected for this first longitudinal study of a representative sample of journals (1,000) in GSM, of very different origin (because they are published in ten languages), show a significant increase in the h-index (15 %) in a very short period of time (seven and a half months).	1
Australia's share of citations based on fractional and full publication counting	0
In our work, we are going to analyse the behaviour of the Rao–Stirling index when no distance measure is used.	1
Real resource costs are the unsubsidized costs, for they take account of the extra training cost of a doctorate.	0
Figure 1 presents the distribution of articles published each year in our 16 SSH categories.	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
A second contribution is to determine the relative incidence of factors related to good and bad collaborations.	1
Analysis of Web of Science's records shows that the publication has increased in volume and collaborations between authors, and has become more international.	1
This note argues for the generalization of the Perry-Reny index to allow for different weightings of depth vs.	1
It was verified that the criteria established by the CAPES' guiding document were not adequately followed.	1
Received January 14, 2015; revised May 2, 2015; accepted May 4, 2015	0
First, an indicator of technological emergence can reduce evaluation uncertainties by highlighting which research topics are more likely to persist in the future and be novel, grow, and have a community around them.	1
In this regard, it is worth distinguishing comparing search effectiveness on the basis of search results cumulated for topics instead of single queries and the way the measures of precision, relative recall, and coverage were calculated.	1
(There are notable exceptions to this rule, such as the Fleishman-Pons claim for nuclear fusion at room tempera- ture, but negative citations are the exception in science (Bornmann and Daniel 2008).)	0
We proposed a new concept for a Sci-GEO chart (representing geographical characteristics of research areas on a science map) that aims to classify research areas in terms of continuity and cognitive linkage.	1
Through quantitative analysis of their research output paired with interviews of individual researchers, we have indications that the degree of efficiency, a, can be used to identify researchers that employ differing publication strategies.	1
In all cases, the obtained values were high, indicating a good fit of the specified model, with model 3 being the highest of them with 0.84 for sociology and political science and 0.83 in the case of economics.	0
We remind the reader that in the above and the following equations j = j(i, t), i.e.	0
To read and contribute to reader and author dialogue on JM, visit http://www.marketingpower.com/jmblog.	0
The online version of this article includes the following source data and figure supplement(s) for figure 1:	0
I map the available retraction data to various dimensions such as countries, journals and impact factors, time and subject areas and discover previously unknown or unconfirmed trends in the data.	1
The first row reflects the mean and the second row reflects the corresponding standard deviation.	0
The authors acknowledge the support of Research Councils UK Digital Economy via grant EP/K039830/1.	0
One obvious limitation of this study is its restriction to the biomedical literature.	0
The project, a mixed-method longitudinal study, included three rounds of interviews with a large cohort of ECRs in eight different countries (China, France, Malaysia, Poland, Russia, Spain, UK, and USA).	1
In the interviews carried out, the authors who occupy positions 2, 12, 14 and 17 were identified only once, all of whom were published in journals on chemical and material processes.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
CRIT Laboratory, Université de Bourgogne Franche-Comté, 30 rue Mégevand, 25000 Besan?on, France	0
Address for correspondence: Stephen McKay, School of Social Policy, Institute of Applied Social Studies, Muirhead Tower, Room 848, University of Birmingham, Birmingham B15 2TT, UK.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-July 2009 1321	0
We used a large dataset with variables that have hardly been taken into consideration in studies on gender productivity differences.	1
The Cooperative Patent Classifications (CPC) recently developed cooperatively by the European and US Patent Offices provide a new basis for mapping patents and portfolio analysis.	1
So, in this paper we try to develop a relative precise quantitative framework for measuring knowledge transfer in the whole translational spectrum through direct linkages between research grants and papers and patents and drugs.	1
Se descubre la doble alma de la revista -Biblioteconomía y Documentación y Comunicación- con seis áreas temáticas principales.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Table A1: Researchers with the largest publication portfolio, irrespective of publication type	0
For further robustness tests of winner-nominee comparability, see section A.4 and A.5 in the Online Appendix.	0
1 Adjusted dominance networks g' among the top French research institutions built for dominance relations in fundamental biology, with $ = 1 and with citations as the proxy for impact	0
The parameter denotes the value of the collections' thematic proximity expressed by Eq.	0
These insights highlight a correlation between methodological choices and the translational potential of research outcomes, suggesting the need for a reconsideration of research strategy planning in future framework programs.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Normally the full counting approach is used, but we propose an alternative fractional counting approach.	1
The strongest takeaway from the study is a need to redefine what is the end purpose of the national grant system.	1
We propose ARPISB (source code publicly accessible at https://github.com/JunfengWu163 /WESTExplorer), a robust scientific emerging topic discovery using Infrequent Synonymous Biterm (ISB) method.	1
The Hirsch index (2005), its variants and companion metrics have been widely adopted as a standardised impact measure throughout several disciplines including social work.	0
They are awarded in the fields of Science, Social Sciences, Literature, and Arts.	0
Table 4 Robustness Checks (Same models as above, but with dummies for all disciplines)	0
Extended from the previous studies exploiting altmetric.com datasets (e.g., Bornmann and Haunschild 2018; Costas et al.	1
This study broadens the analysis of port importance by examining both conceptual and empirical aspects.	1
Before I pass on to the use of bibliometric analysis for research evaluation, I mention here a striking example of such an analysis of scientific collaboration.	0
Prozesky made substantial contributions to the conception or design of the work, critically revised previous versions of the manuscript for important intellectual content; and read and approved the final version submitted for publication.	0
It results that the region of Val D'Aosta does not have universities in the period under consideration, nor any enterprise that has undertaken collaborations, and for this reason the region is not included in subsequent analyses.	0
The findings of this study potentially explain the discrepancy in ranking lists constructed with the use of expert surveys and citation impact measures.	1
Section 4 presents and discusses the main results, and Section 5 concludes.	0
Third, although some previous studies examined the impact of technology and the availability of technological equipment and infrastructure support on research productivity (Ong & Djajadikerta, 2019), this study is using another proxy for technology which is the availability of internet access in schools.	1
In the model of planned behaviour, the most important role is played by the intention to behave, which, according to the author of the theory, has a direct effect on behaviour and is therefore one of the most important components of behavioural research (Zarzuela and Anton, 2015).	0
Kwangseon Hwang, Associate Research Fellow, PhD, Korea Institute of S&T Evaluation and Planning.	0
In any case, the present data strongly suggest that much of the apprehension over e-theses is, for the time being, ill-founded, and that the chances of an e-thesis jeopardising the publishing opportunities of a PhD or an Early Career Researcher are minimal.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
A review of the literature related to journal citation network analysis is presented in section “Journal citation network analysis".	0
This article aims to help close this gap in the literature.	1
we use this definition to propose a new metric of the interdisciplinarity degree for publications (papers) and journals as units of analysis.	1
With the significant improvement in the awareness of predatory journals that we noted after introducing a simple comprehensive infographic (from 7% to 97.5%), new, reliable, accessible, and comprehensive methods to improve biomedical researchers' knowledge about predatory journals are needed, as the number of predatory journals is dramatically increasing (Laakso et al., 2011).	1
3 Distribution of the conditional mean citation rate (MOCRIF+) over journals based on the 3-year citation window 2006-2008 and fractional citation counts	0
We believe that our suggested model of institutional support in English editing and the related findings would be directly applicable in medical centers in non-native English-speaking countries, which would include Asian countries as well as other countries with low proportions of English-speaking populations.	1
As is shown in Table 9, F&O counting presents new properties in five aspects: (1) generalization of two existing schemas including straight and harmonic counting, (2) flexibility of the application by introducing both flexible formula and weight preference, (3) innovation by revealing the inflection point of the credit distribution, (4) performance improvement to reduce the over-fitting problem in the study of credit-assignment schemas, and (5) a simple F&O formula applicable for big data from the scholar information database.	1
This was a survey of currently R01-funded physician scientists in EM and was deemed exempt by the local human subjects committee.	0
In this study, due to the insufficiency of available data, a new method was used to create a control group based on the coauthors’ network.	1
Figure 5 A page from bowlingfans.com as of June 22, 2004	0
However, to the best of our knowledge there is no prior research on the capabilities of Google Scholar to identify highly-cited documents.	1
I express my gratitude to Monika Walczak, Piotr Kulicki, Robert Kublikowski, Piotr Bi?gorajski, Barry Smith, Brian Panasiak, and the reviewers for their helpful comments.	0
Table 2: Malaysian Journals Covered in DOAJ and Their Overlaps with WoS, Scopus and MyCite	0
Our analysis shows that having diverse expert teams does not fully address the issue of low linguistic diversity.	1
We believe the novel way of exploring scientific activity we have introduced in this paper should be valuable in an era where measuring citations has been brought into question as a meaningful way of measuring innovation.	1
This study provides a review of the Journal's performance against the aspirations outlined in the first editorial.	1
For example, use of Dialog's DIALINDEX can be an important early step in identifying databases likely to contain relevant citations.	0
Department of Psychology Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Zagreb, Ivana Lu?i?a 3, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia	0
The approach includes multidimensional perspectives, including temporal, geographical, sectoral, directional mobility, that could be used for benchmarking and trend analyses.	1
Note: The size of the circle symbol reflects the number of authors from a particular location	0
Yilong Chen, Yiting Dong and Yu Zeng have contributed equally to this work	0
The catalyst for this change would be for the reputation economy to accept preprints just as it does 'cascaded' articles today.	1
The first question is at the basis of research evaluations and it will be addressed from a general point of view.	0
However, there has only been one study on grant reviewer motivations, which surveyed reviewers funded from European agencies (Schroter et al.	1
Seriously now, we did ask for feedback and most people found the process reasonable if not better and they would like GI to continue with the open review format.	0
The originality of the paper consists in the fact that it represents the first attempt to map the landscape of research on graduate education using bibliographic data.	1
The potential consequences of this disproportionate increase include health science education, biomedical research, and patient access disparities in large parts of the country.	1
Knowing how science evolves would not only help in the delineation of conservation strategies.	1
Disclaimer Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
This paper presents a simple parametric statistical approach to comparing different citation-based journal ranking metrics within a single academic field.	1
The innovation in this study lies in the integration of CTM and an LLM (Llama 2) for sentiment analysis.	1
Kentucky NSF EPSCOR endeavors to build national competitiveness in fundamental research dealing with mathematics, science and engineering disciplines.	0
It takes time to build an academic reputation through high-quality outputs.	0
This article presents a potential solution: an empirical approach to quantitatively measure both the degree and nature of differences among disciplinary tongues through the social and epistemic terms used (a research area we refer to as discourse epistemetrics), in a case study comparing dissertations in philosophy, psychology, and physics.	1
More importantly, this study provided a means for the research community to inform NTU on how RI education can be made more appealing to them.	1
In summary, we argue that interdisciplinarity is best conceptualized and measured by an interaction among interdisciplinary dynamics in relation to activities in research (collaboration between researchers with different skills and resources from different institutional settings), to the position in a body of literature in science (publication patterns), and collaboration with non-academic stake- holders in order to answer practical questions or to solve societal problems (user interaction and non-academic col- laborators).	1
No previous comprehensive study of publication frequency and number of articles has been found to cover both science and social science journals in the world.	1
Our analysis involves a different time span, and, more importantly, it also explores the network of collaborating institutions and collaborating countries.	1
Note: The number after a country represents the amplitude of movement.	0
Although these studies have revealed specific titular characteristics of DDs, it is noteworthy that no prior comparative studies on DD and RA titles across various academic fields have been conducted.	1
Third, it considers a relationship not yet studied: gender of evaluator and predictive power.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
The research methods are briefly explained in “Materials and methods” section, while “Results and discussion” section covers the results and discussion.	0
To reflect the correlation between the citation and the cited documents at the content level, we introduce the text representation models to measure the textual support of references.	1
I also propose a world systems model extending beyond dynamics of material production to also encompass cultural epistemologies, resources, and language as elements of knowledge production.	1
Keys to successful cancellations include: -- Having the facts straight before negotiating.	0
*A version of this paper was presented at the 1979 meetings of the Southern Sociological Society.	0
He has published numerous books and journal articles on various topics relating to libraries and information.	0
(10), whose validity relies in fact on the previously known already observation of Eq.	1
(1) To obtain an overview of currently available scientific literature on ecopreneurship.	0
This research provides a new perspective on research performance.	1
Many other scholars continued to conduct various studies on the distribution law of journal level bibliometric indicators.	0
Therefore, in this case, the problems concern relevance and significance of the research itself.	0
Piyush Gupta, Block R-6-A, Dilshad Garden, Near Telephone Exchange, New Delhi 110095, India.	0
The components of the quality appraisal framework utilised in this study can be found in Fig.	0
Second, we expand the existing literature on knowledge dissemination by introducing two novel factors: English similarity and internet linkages.	1
Preventing child maltreatment and promoting optimal child development requires new thinking and an openness to using empirical evidence when discerning among diverse practice and policy alternatives.	1
Table 2 presents more details information regarding the publish stage of articles.	0
Ultimately, the situation and the analysis results of water publications were presented to readers, authors and scholars who are interested in the topic and it could provide a reference for them to explore further in this field.	1
In addition, we clarified the distinction between big and traditional publishers.	1
The pressures of career are likely to be a large part of the explanation.	0
The findings of this study can support decision makers, who might wish to replace the costly and time-consuming peer reviewing process with cheaper and faster bibliometric analyses in large-scale research assessment, or integrate it with bibliometric scores in small-scale assessment.	1
To fully leverage this perspective, we adapted the five attributes of emerging technologies defined by Rotolo et al.	1
Considering that many studies carried out in Mediterranean forest ecosystems have already been published, a bibliometric mapping analysis of this literature could serve as an alternative and innovative way for revealing the evolution and the structure of the research in Mediterranean forest ecosystems.	1
Abbreviations: IFAR, International Forum of Allergy & Rhinology; JAMA, JAMA Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery; Oto-HNS, Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery.	0
human capital, health economics, educational investment, salaries and fringe benefits, graduate medical education, training, career choice, pediatrics, residency, fellows, subspecialists	0
In this paper, we combined a Labeled-LDA topic model with PageRank via full-text extraction and incorporated two prior probabilities—publication topic probability and citation transition probability—for ranking the publications in our dataset.	1
A new assessment methodology that implements the model of collaboration penalty and quartile bonuses: fractional count of publications and multiplying factors for ones in high-impact journals.	1
7, the points corresponding to their h-indices are connected by a dashed line.	0
However, the relationship between interdisciplinarity and attention from policy documents remains unclear.	1
This approach combines computational linguistic tools from the domain of “digital humanities” with “classical humanistic” text analysis and a profound knowledge of the manuscript peer review and the publication process.	1
Downloaded from http://jme.bmj.com/ on May 24, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
This study emphasises the vast differences across health sciences subfields.	1
To the best of the author's knowledge, this study is the first systematic analysis of a wide cross-section of computer systems research.	1
no books, no popular scientific publications, no conference proceedings unless they appear in source journals).	0
The proposed approach breaks the paradigm of deterministic database analysis, treating database records as random variables characterized by intrinsic variability, due to the noise (dirty data) contained into each database.	1
For definitions and distinctions of the terms interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary and transdisciplinary, see (Balsiger 2004).	0
She is currently the Staff of the Department of Cabinet Office, Government of Japan.	0
The rest of the paper is arranged in such a way that literature review is covered in “Related work” section, the research methodology is presented in “Methodology" section which gives the details about the research methods implemented.	0
Note: total citations are retrieved from Web of Science online interface on February 27, 2017.	0
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
Abbreviations: JIF, journal impact factor; NA, not applicable; OA, open access.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that provided an empirical evidence of differences in the metadata use of researchers at different levels of their careers.	1
Department of Library and Information Studies, Minia University, Governorate of Minia, Minya, Egypt	0
Recently a new methodology developed by Costas et al.	1
From the School of Medicine, and the Department of Internal Medicine, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, Lubbock.	0
In this study we characterize the h-index distribution for academic emergency physicians (AEPs) in the United States.	1
The following Table 1 displays the lists utilized to categorize authors' gender.	0
The purpose of this article is to reveal the most significant trends and areas of production in the domain of LIS over the past 37 years (1978–2014), taking a specialized database (LISA) as a reference and using the statistical technique of topic modeling, based on Latent Dirichlet Analysis (LDA) of the databases selected.	1
This work contributes the longest longitudinal study of continued citation of a retracted paper within the era of digital scientific publication—nearly exclusive (96%) positive post-retraction citation 11 years from the 2008 retraction through 2019.	1
The Xmin value is the highest probability point in the distribution where the power-law begins.	0
Irrespective of these difficulties, the growth of published articles has increased in domestic and international databases (5).	0
3 Most common topics covered by the top 100 cited articles in FPMRS.	0
4 Manchester Institute of Innovation Research, Alliance Manchester Business School, University of	0
Call for proposals of BiodivERsA and research projects funded on ES.	0
The approach extends previous work on knowledge mapping by combining network-based topic modeling with the geometric perspective of PCA.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Chris Fradkin on 12 June 2024.	0
AOSSM has not conducted an independent investigation on the OPD and disclaims any liability or responsibility relating thereto.	0
Therefore, this study introduces the concept of quality into interdisciplinary research, and uses a structuralist approach and spatial approach to measure the quality of interdisciplinarity.	1
Cognitive, individual, and social factors have been examined frequently in studies of the history and sociology of science.	0
SAMI MAHROUM is a Scientific Research Consultant at the Netherlands Organization for Applied Scientific Research (TNO), Institute of Strategy, Technology, and Policy.	0
Firstly, we provide evidence on the existence of a trade-off between private (researchers) and public (society) benefits in pursuing IDR.	1
The existence of substantial differences in the composition of readers between related fields points to the need for caution when using Mendeley readers as substitutes for citations for broad fields.	1
Nicolás Robinson-García holds a PhD in social sciences from the University of Granada.	0
The purpose of this study was to summarise recent research activity from 2009 to 2013 of faculty in Canadian developmental psychology programs, as there have been no previous studies on this stream in Canada.	1
The evaluation of research trends on QMRA in water quality assessment research and publications to the best of our knowledge has not been conducted in previous studies.	1
However, for ease of presentation, here we describe them using their natural conceptual meaning.	0
The comparison is shown in Figure 2 and is described in the following sections.	0
Although both bootstrapping and formulae have been proposed for these, their accuracy is unknown.	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflicts of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
This study developed a deep learning model for prediction of the future growth potential of technologies and used it to select 10 promising technologies.	1
This is an noticeable gap in the literature that we seek to address.	1
I contribute to the literature on this stream in several ways.	1
Table 1 presents the densities of each of the thirteen networks at Baseline and Time 1, the number of new ties formed and the percentage of Time 1 ties they constitute, and the number of isolates at Baseline and Time 1.	0
The distribution of the data was assessed with a Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and found to be non-parametric.	0
* Department of Medical Oncology, Tom Baker Cancer Centre, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB.	0
The results bear value by providing editors with empirical evidence on the efficacy of non-monetary rewards, and the interactions with scientists' characteristics.	1
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13 and described in the text.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Microsoft Academic (MA) is a promising new data source for bibliometrics (Harzing and Alakangas 2017a; Hug and Br?ndle 2017; Hug et al.	1
Our work has shown that the use of local networks enables simulations that are more consistent with research citation patterns.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
In this study, we propose to employ RPYS in an effort to better understand the historical research and publication culture in immunology.	1
We would like to thank the editors and reviewers of Information Research as well as all the proponents of the open access movement.	0
In practice, these are technical problems of disaggregation which can be solved.	0
It describes a mathematical rationale for such randomization.	1
At a theoretical level, this study integrates two different streams of research on shared institutional affiliations and physical proximity to better understand their separate and interactive impacts on scientific collaborations.	1
Circuit diagrams for a problem with three aspects to be solved by two people (a: parallel connection, b: serial connection).	0
To address the conceptual challenge, we develop an organizing framework that highlights three dimensions of division of labor: Focusing on individual team members, the first dimension captures the	1
First, it examines whether the proportion of women in institutions submitted to the Business and Management Unit of Assessment in RAE 2008 impacts on institutional performance.	1
The proposed methodology does not require any coding skills.	1
This flagship publication of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) was established in 1958.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 300 times since 2013*	0
While existing NLP methods generally characterize the research topics using unique key terms, we take a step further by more accurately modeling the research themes as finite sets of key terms.	1
In this article, we focus on the large, yet understudied group of S&E graduate students-referred to henceforth as emerging researchers.	1
There has been a significant improvement in performance in 2018 particularly in comparison to each of the other data collections.	1
The study makes the following contributions: First, it is a cross-disciplinary study based on a very large database including nearly 700 journals in the disciplines of economics and business.	1
The distribution is from Bradford (1948), as grouped by Sichel (1985).	0
The Colorado Multiple Institutional Review Board exempted this study from review.	0
For reviews see instead: Hicks (1999), Nederhof (2006) and Huang and Chang (2008)].	0
We introduce the field bow-tie decomposition into the in-field component, which consists of papers citing no other paper, the out-field component, which consists of papers not cited by any other paper, and the field core.	1
more longitudinal and fewer cross-sectional) designs, larger samples, justify their sample sizes based on a priori power analysis, pre-register their hypotheses and analysis plans and make their data, materials and code openly available.	1
Using data on library subscriptions and references made for a sample of North American universities, this study provides evidence that, while big deal bundles do decrease the mean price per subscribed journal, academic libraries receive less value for their investment.	1
Here, however, more noise reduces the average quality of published papers.	1
I would like to thank Bluma Peritz for introducing me to the subject of bibliometrics, for her support and encouragement and for her very helpful remarks.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm.	0
This approach provides a comprehensive view of how citation patterns and social media influence have evolved over the decade.	1
3 The complete list is accessible at http://attiministeriali.miur.it/UserFiles/115.htm, last accessed on March 15, 2013.	0
Over the rubble of the old Bibliometrics, and boosted by these new means of communication, a new bibliometrics is arising, one that is marked by a shift in the unit of analysis and a torrent of new units of measurement (Delgado-López-Cózar 2014):	1
The effects of stability on success can vary by the types and goals of the teams being studied.	0
A schematic representation of the proposed network is shown in Figure 1.	0
The newly elected president of the university is a professor of medicine at the hospital.	0
Figure 1: Maximum impact factor versus the number of journals in clinical medical fields	0
First, we extend prior work on academic research performance by identifying job resources that can help faculty publish given different levels of teaching demands, while also including research and service demands in our models to rule out alternative explanations.	1
In my view in such a case a fractional attribution to different percentile rank classes (Schreiber, 2012; Waltman & Schreiber, 2013) is the best solution.	0
This search was conducted on Ulrich's Periodical Database on the web, accessed in spring 2011 through the Penn State library.	0
We secure and scale the proposed solution through threshold encryption of Oracle transactions, maintaining traceability and transparency.	1
On the other hand, for each topic the publishing journals were obtained	0
2013 ASIS&T Published online 9 July 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
To the best of our knowledge this is the first comparative study of predatory journal publishing and legitimate publishing models aimed at determining how they are different and similar.	1
The analysis of serial citations in marine biology graduate theses has enhanced our understanding of the recent use of the serial collection by marine biology master's students at our institution.	1
The study, however, looks at a data for just 1 year (2017) and does not analyse the other questions on citation differences, collaboration patterns and institution types and their connectedness with women participation in research publishing.	1
Figure 4 Word cloud for 20 topics of TRSAwardeeSet For TRSAwardeeSet, we use wordle to generate word cloud for top 20 words of each topic and then put all word clouds into one slide for visualization.	0
Given the scant literature on this topic, especially in the context of Vietnam, a study on the performance of Vietnamese scientists would prove to be useful in assessing the true state of development of Vietnamese academia.	1
It was, however, recognized that the current study, which focuses on productivity and impact, needed qualitative as well as quantitative measures, for which a bibliometric analysis provided the best option.	0
Together with previous studies, our results demonstrate that analysis of the development of scientific research in the post-Soviet region also should include analysis of each country separately, because there is a large dispersion between them.	1
The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2: Background and Related Works on Rankings of Latin American Universities.	0
However, this study's contribution lies with the methodological approach that assumes asymmetric behaviour of the studied relationship.	1
The diversity of economics appears to be an important source of its appeal.	0
The current paper extends this report by adding the years 2010-2015, using a new relative citation indicator that is not unduly affected by the skewed nature of citations (see the methods section below), and considering 22 additional countries.	1
As for the ATP questionnaire, this study, one of a few studies focussing on faculty members, has applied this questionnaire after removing four statements that resulted from its validation test.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
These outcomes support our hypothesis that the Web of Science analytical tool and the procedures used are helpful for researchers from any area in developing important indicators.	1
The goal of the article is to analyse differences in the stability and size of groups of researchers that co-author with each other (core research groups) formed in disciplines from the natural and technical sciences on one hand and the social sciences and humanities on the other.	1
3 Distribution of average values of Gini coefficients for TSs in the 130 SDSs under investigation	0
Funding: This study was supported by a grant from the European Union’s Biomed-1 program (CT92-1068).	0
We think that our results bring a new perspective to the application of informetric notions in the life sciences and medicine.	1
The selection was based on quasi-random purposeful sampling to include universities differing with respect to research intensity, reputation, rankings, size, geography, public or private status and whether or not the respective universities included a medical school.	0
Note that we used only information from WA, WK and AK11.	0
By focusing our analysis on cohorts of authors starting their careers in the same year, we find that ranking mobility is remarkably low for the top- and bottom-ranked authors and that this excess of stability persists throughout the entire period of our analysis.	1
2013; Gillies 2014; Fang and Casadevall 2016a; Adam 2019; Avin 2019; Roumbanis 2019) discuss the advantages of lotteries compared to peer review to make decisions, this study examined scientists' views on the random allocation of funding.	1
Note that in practice the distributions are bounded by the random and best cases.	0
This study identifies a population of pediatric surgeons with the ability to successfully compete for NIH funding, both historically and in the present, with awards exceeding $7.2 million in FY 2012 distributed through various funding mechanisms.	1
This paper reports an analysis of Chinese computer science publications in the first 10 years of the 21st century, hence providing a detailed update of the earlier studies of Guan and Ma (2004) and of Kumar and Garg (2005) described above.	1
We challenge this view and argue that multiple disciplinary research, specifically in a conservation science context, is more than an administrative label.	1
Amidst these viewpoints, this paper explores the speed of article citation of a multi-institutional, multi-disciplinary publicly funded research center relative to that of a comparison group of articles.	1
In addition, we compared the results of four methods for measuring papers with high originality, and the results showed that compared with existing methods, the method proposed here is more universally applicable and more directly related to content's originality.	1
Firstly, this paper proposes an easy-to-use method to evaluate the originality of scientific papers through instruction learning, which enriches the current set of approaches to scientific evaluation.	1
The major implication of this result is that it helps future research handle the inherent complexity of this phenomenon and to better direct the search of relevant contributions.	1
For visualization purpose, I discretize LS and let I (J) be the binned LS value of article i (j) and D is the binning function.	0
de Cani is Professor of Statistics and chairman of the department, and Dr.	0
This study sheds lights on three factors that may contribute to the dissemination of highly impactful scholarship in the profession's disciplinary journals: authorship teams, article length, and database indexing.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Thirdly, methods such as the coupling coordination degree model, kernel density estimation method, and Markov chain are combined and applied innovatively to the measurement and analysis of the NQPKE.	1
It is part of the WISER project (Web indicators for scientific, technological and innovation research, Contract HPV2-CT- 2002-00015, www.webindicators.org).	0
They are suitable for visualizing the performance of a single scientist.	1
The entire 11 years has been a real honor and privilege, and also a thoroughly enjoyable experience.	0
In contrast to quantitative evaluations of the role and value of citations, this study focuses on the qualitative characteristics of citations, in the form of specific patterns of citations that engender original and novel research and those that may not.	1
But the findings of the present study extend the analysis by documenting the social process through which the exchange takes place.	1
ADAMS & GRILICHES [1996] were among the first to use formal statistical techniques to estimate scientific outputs from research investments and human resources, based on production function techniques used by economists.	0
This entails directly contributing to the flow of new knowledge in this field, as well as providing both researchers and practitioners with a summary of current findings, which has practical and academic implications.	1
However, we will go beyond the intent of the original study and will take advantage of an unique database to provide additional insights regarding the economic academics that work in Portuguese universities.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
In this sense, this paper also aims to contribute to the broader international discussion on how to institutionalize interdisciplinarity at universities (Weingart, 2014) and how and why universities differ in their commitment to interdisciplinary research (Leahey, 2016).	1
This is where our plea in this article for intra-disciplinary comparison becomes relevant.	1
The portal is designed to fulfil the need for a single integrated resource for analytical data about research competencies of India at an overall level as well as Indian institutions at an individual level.	1
We extend the results in Lissoni et al.	1
a Abbreviations: IOC = International Olympic Committee; KI = Karolinska Institute, KS = Karolinska Hospital, SVT = Swedish Public TV; WADA = World Anti-Doping Agency.	0
This study’s contributions are innovative, as no previous research has sufficiently explained the clas-sification methods or processes of various software tools such as CiteSpace, VOSviewer, or Bibexcel that offer cluster analysis functions.	1
the interest of the scientific community and other stakeholders on the topic.	1
For convenience, colors indicate whether the right-hand x axis value is 100 or not.	0
Moreover, the existing research on ICT also lacks the TH and SNA perspectives.	1
Finally, and most importantly, we used a comprehensive, fully integrated biographical, administrative, publication, and citation database (the "The Polish Science Observatory" database, which we constructed by merging the national registry of all 99,535 Polish scientists with the Scopus dataset comprised of all their publications in 2009–2018).	1
Note: Results are based on the sample of 134 male biochemists employed in rated departments.	0
Table 1 Descriptive statistics of organizational variables, web domain size and total degree	0
Differences in the number of documents between both databases are depicted as a line graph in Fig.	0
We believe the interactive poster is a new and interesting approach that may be of interest to educators and researchers alike.	1
This alt-index study, by contrast, is statistically relevant because it is the result of a much more exhaustive analytic process, involving 1.1 million papers indexed in 10,188 source titles.	1
Funding was provided in part by NSF Grant #SBR-9872961 and with support from the School of Library and Information Science at Indiana University.	0
An interesting result of this work is that “The relativistic Thomas-Fermi atom,” was never cited by Vallarta but his three most currently cited articles on cosmic rays; were the most cited by himself in his own papers.	1
Again, one may consider the BMA and AAAS cases as different for their basic objective is non-profit, since they primarily aim at representing and serving the interests of their scholarly communities.	0
In this article, we discussed the h-index, year-based h-types indices, EM-index & EM'- index and proposed a new variants of year based indices named year-based EM and EM'- index to appraise the scholarly impact of scholars.	1
The three industrious and patient Williams College students are Patrick J.	0
In addition to these observations we have added a further level of analysis at a lower level, examining the distribution of performance for the fields in the same discipline: in the individual universities, the excellent fields coexist with mediocre fields.	1
This case study is an attempt to contribute to the exploration of these problems.	1
Ethical approval was not required for this research (no human subjects were involved).	0
By default, to avoid overlapping labels, only a subset of all of labels is displayed.	0
Although our study helps to identify why some people do not opt for the trade-off between salary and time to participate in teamwork, our interdisciplinary approach to juxtapose measures that are more typically considered in isolation from each other offers a model for psychological research to integrate measures such as salary and hours worked more commonly.	1
This new method can be used as an auxiliary decision support system to extend the analysis of transdisciplinary citation content.	1
We have ascertained that, in the sciences under examination (which exclude medicine), the predictive power of bibliometrics proves superior to that of peer review as early as 1 year after publication, and this is true for all DAs.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
In consideration of space and clarity, only the first author is presented in the table even if a publication is co-authored.	0
For assistance in gathering this data I am grateful to Leiha McIntyre and Bruce Mussellam.	0
In this context, based on the methodology used – the cross between data from the DOAJ and the Lattes Platform, it was possible to map and discover in an unprecedented way the characteristics of Brazilian authors who are publishing articles in open access journals in different areas of the knowledge.	1
Schematic overview of the formal communication by means of journal articles.	0
The present work demonstrates the feasibility, utility and apparent validity of a simple and generalizable method of measuring research output.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
All financial sources are fully and clearly stated in the acknowledgements	0
The list of references is identical in both versions, except for the reference (Wilson 1968), which has been suggested by Howard White.	0
It sheds light on the distinct factors that influence domestic and international citations, providing a nuanced perspective on citation patterns.	1
This study approaches the problem from a topic perspective by tracing a set of new topics in a field to examine the characteristics of the topics that emerged versus not emerged.	1
Rather than relying on a single metric or publication statistic, we propose that the original h-index and other measurements together can create a bibliometric profile, a picture that shows the quantity and quality of publications a researcher has given to their profession.	1
Here is the list of journals, grouped according to the fuzzy clustering algorithm.	0
We propose a draft template to facilitate the communication, interpretation and investigation of published errors, including errors affecting research reagents.	1
The next section provides a short reflection on the definition and identification of TR, followed by a discussion about the relationship between knowledge integration and transformative work.	0
explaining the environmental, institutional, and behavioral factors that interact to reinforce and underpin corruption in research.	0
By presenting the quantitative evidence for the main themes of urban environment, health effects and counter-measures, our study provides a perspective of comprehensive investigation for further researchers.	1
Second, our analysis adds a temporal perspective and investigates the moderating role of career ages on researchers' future impact.	1
We are grateful for the financial support of the Radiological Society of North America Research and Education Fund and Eastman Kodak Company.	0
We also test the effects of commercial orientation (beyond patent-paper pairs).	1
The table is ranked by the number of documents each country publishing heat transfer literature.	0
This enables us to have a micro and individualized perspective which, like egocentric networks in general, complements the more macro work and sheds new light on the phenomenon under study.	1
However, as a novelty, we used a scientific mapping of co-keywords, catalogued as a bibliometric technique that takes into account the measurement of various production indicators and the structural and dynamic development of the constructs extracted from the publications (López-Robles et al., 2019).	1
We appreciate fruitful and inspiring discussions with our colleagues at ECOOM-UAntwerpen.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):-, 2015	0
To celebrate this anniversary, this work presents a general analysis of the documents published in JTTM since its inception, through a large number of bibliometric indicators.	1
As of now, there is still no consensus regarding the value of the damping factor in citation networks [7].	0
To the best of our knowledge, it is the first study of “special issue-ization” in traditional commercial publishers (i.e., the big five).	1
Joshua Guetzkow acknowledges the support of the Princeton Society of Woodrow Wilson Fellows for a graduate research fellowship.	0
Her area of research is the World Wide Web, including web data mining, evaluation of web search engines and webometrics.	0
Bibliometric results suggest that the obviously rapid growth of the articles in recent years.	1
However, there is a paucity of literature describing the impact of NREF awards on non-NIH forms of extramural research funding, as well as eventual career outcomes of NREF awardees.	1
Through its application of the metatheory of motivation (Leonard et al., 1999), the current study also helps to refine our understanding of the importance of intrinsic motivation to the research process.	1
The authors have no financial or professional relationship with any of the people or devices included in this meta-analysis.	0
To the best of our knowledge, it is the first study to review institutional ranking indicators.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Panagiotis Christou, Centre Dentaire Lancy, Chemin de la Caroline 18a, 1213 Petit Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland.	0
Moreover, this study has revealed in detail where, how, and why scholarly papers are mentioned by policy document, and hence has revealed the underlying process of policy document mentions.	1
The figures started to increase again moderately in the final years of the observed period.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
For one thing, citation analyses are based on the assumption that each citation in a paper has equal contribution to the work.	0
In the case of the evaluation of OA policies, the use of a single tool would give a distorted image of the actual situation, further exacerbated by a smaller evaluated population.	1
We also found that the addition of even a single time-dependent indicator, CitVel6m, significantly improved the predictive power of the model and will still allow for predictions to be made on a short timescale post-publication.	1
This also poses a challenge for the identification of negative citations and the acquisition of large-scale corpus.	0
Sections 2 and 3 describe the data set and methods, respectively.	0
This research was supported by the Australian Research Council Discovery Project ARC DP210100227 (MG) and by the POB Research Centre Cybersec-urity and Data Science of Warsaw University of Technology within the Excellence Initiative Program – Research University (ID-UB) (AC and GS).	0
OD Office of the Director, NIDDK National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, NCRR National Center for Research Resources, NCMHD National Center on Minority Health and Health Disparities, NICHD National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.	0
Originality/value – The contribution of this paper is to apply the Borda count approach to combine different MIS journal rankings produced by subjective and objective methods.	1
Thus, the citation window for individual papers ranges from one year to almost three years, with an average of two years.	0
This paper presents an exploratory approach in order to test these issues, being fulsomely developed in the following sections.	1
Table 2 shows the top publishing authors who have published at least three studies in our sample (including individual and coauthored papers).	0
Our message is mainly addressed to the funding agencies and universities that award tenures or grants and manage research programmes, especially in developing countries.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Summing up, we introduced a two-dimensional graphical mapping with an emphasis on research profiles of public universities.	1
In a limited sense, the journals are both a reflection of discipline status and an aid in the creation of its emerging character	0
For the figures below, a number equivalent to the maximum cocitation count in each author’s profile was placed in the matrix diagonals to approximate the count of articles that cocite at least two of that author’s works.	0
Using unique survey data from over 2000 life scientists, we find that the predictors of authorship differ from those of inventorship.	1
Our study also demonstrates this, but with a much larger sample and outside the realm of Anglophone academia.	1
1 Nordic Institute for Studies in Innovation, Research and Education (NIFU), Oslo, Norway	0
Fourth, this study will employ a rigorous and cutting-edge model to execute its estimation, i.e., the newly developed technique known as dynamic common correlated effects (DCCE), established by Chudik and Pesaran (2015a).	1
The two dimensions of the global index provide a more acute information on the interdisciplinary practices of an institution researchers in a given research domain and is, therefore, likely to contribute to strategic and management issues.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
a The phenomenally large value was a result of the dwindling size of Journal of Genetics before it ceased publication in 1977.	0
12 We thank an anonymous referee for bringing this point to our notice.	0
The maxim that “it's important to know what's in the numbers before interpreting them" is crucial to analysis of uncitedness.	0
The numbers printed beside discipline names are identification numbers of scientific fields listed in Table 1.	0
To our best knowledge, this cross-domain dissemination has not been explored by prior studies.	1
Our study contributes to the literature by providing a generalized multidisciplinary definition of open banking.	1
Downloaded by UNIVERSITY COLLEGE LONDON At 05:22 01 March 2016 (PT)	0
B. is on the editorial board of the British Journal of Psychiatry and Psychological Medicine.	0
The wisdom of crowds suggests that the consensus of experts in a discipline-meaning the mainstream paradigm—represents the best method of pursuing knowledge.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
The primary contributions of the study are as follows.	1
While previous research has suggested a general preference for qualitative methods among women and quantitative methods among men, a more nuanced picture where women tend to prefer interviews, while men tend to prefer theoretical approaches was revealed.	1
Downloaded from www.ajronline.org by University of Western States on 06/11/19 from IP address 132.174.254.247.	0
it was also observed that some journals provided a long list of indexing/ abstracting databases in which their journal was not actually included	0
In the Results section, we give the outcomes of the classification tests.	0
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2024.105151.	0
This paper proposes avenues to report network density coefficients for future research in bibliometrics.	1
Overall, to change the current situation and allow research to reach its full contemporary potential, we propose a scientist-based movement to improve scientific assessment, the Initiative for Responsible Scientific Assessment (IRSA).	1
The preceding discussion suggests a hypothesis and a research question regarding the impact of news coverage on scholars' subsequent citations of research published in scholarly journals:	0
We take this idea one step further and specifically propose the book review as a simple and transparent criterion that could lead to the inclusion of a book in selective scholarly book collections and their metadata such as the book citation index (BKCI).	1
Section 3 presents the data and methods employed in the study.	0
Received: 11 February 2022 / Accepted: 25 February 2023 / Published online: 20 March 2023	0
This paper reiterates two core concerns that are particularly germane to PRTMCs, and then offers a new and simple way to mollify them.	1
Third, while most ratings focus on point estimates and their attendant ranks, I focus on the uncertainty in quality estimates, showing that the difference between universities ranked 50th and 100th, and 100th and 250th, is insignificant.	1
The first part of the table displays summaries of research activity.	0
Table 1 summarises the place of female staff in the university setting in Kenya.	0
In an atempt to develop a “theory” which would explain the findings of the present study as well as other recent studies, we offer the following:	0
The authors also acknowledge support from the Natural Science Foundation of Jiangsu Province (Grant No.	0
In our study, we demonstrated that the correlation between translational-focused measures and traditional citation-based measures, such as the effects of factors of papers, authors, and institutions on clinical translation intensity can be generalized to even the highest level of basic biomedical research.	1
Lastly, alumni could also access the online survey directly through the Alumni Impact Survey website.	0
Further, we provide more data to understand this phenomenon better.	1
For a more detailed overview of different bibliographic data sources, one may refer to the special issue of Quantitative Science Studies.1	0
Detailed studies of the countries/regions that exhibit the impact of high citation in the international collaboration papers of China are conducted.	0
The various patenting systems offer firms different routes for patenting: one can patent nationally, internationally (at the WIPO’s PCT), or at the regional level such as the EPO.	0
The academic status findings add to the previously known national and seniority biases in Mendeley by showing that its data is unfair to narrow specialisms that rarely use Mendeley if they are analysed together with similar specialisms that use it more often.	1
The examination of the relative growth of citation impact with respect to the number of papers over time of the various collaborative types gives novel insights.	1
An analogue to this position would be that of a photographer who chooses her angle and lightning with an ambition of interfering as little as possible with the object photographed.	0
Vienna University Library, Bibliometrics Department, University of Vienna, Boltzmanngasse 5, 1090 Vienna, Austria	0
This study does not intend to be a traditional up-to-date review of the Patagonian (paleo)glacier literature.	1
If indeed “one picture is worth a thousand words,” further inflation of the literature by an overlong Results section in this paper should be unnecessary.	0
To cite a couple of examples: there is the set compiled by Brown, which includes a table giving the numbers and percentages of words that have one character, two characters, and so on, up through forty-five characters.31	0
Table 2 shows the descriptive statistics of the variables in our dataset, consisting of 4,770 returnees and corresponding local scientists.	0
This large-scale work was conducted both in school and academic rank level leading to interesting results concerning the scientific activity of the medical schools studied as units and of the various academic ranks separately, which can be partially justified with geographic and socioeconomic criteria.	1
There is an emerging divide between scientist-run journals and professional-run high profile journals.	1
After briefly introducing the peer review system of the ERC and criteria for frontier research, we first revisit a set of newly proposed indicators for quantifying individual aspects of frontier research using text-analytic methods and the tools of citation scientometrics (e.g.	1
The purpose of the study is to a certain degree dual in nature.	0
Details can be found from the website of South Africa Journals Database, https://bit.ly/2CmQRyt.	0
The number of authors was calculated by counting the number of scholars as shown in (2).	0
I have read the journal's policy and the authors of this manuscript have the following competing interests: Marvin Thielk receives a salary from Elsevier Inc.	0
Note: N = frequency, per cent = column per cent, M mean, SD = standard deviation, range = minimum and maximum.	0
The new functionality inspired the present author to propose a new bibliometric indicator, based on the # of highly cited papers and of hot papers produced by certain individual, institution, or published in certain scientific journal.	1
Unlike previous studies that mostly focus on one single country, we regard China, the largest developing country, and the UK, a highly developed country, as the main research object for a national comparative analysis.	1
A new method which is based on the Flow Vergence effect is devised for the identification of pivot publication of the Paradigm shift.	1
The emergence of small-world and scale-free network structures shows two well-known examples of process models in statistical physics.	0
The authors have completed and submitted the ICMJE Form for Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest and none was reported.	0
1838 THE CANADIAN JOURNAL OF CHEMICAL ENGINEERING VOLUME 94, OCTOBER 2016	0
The results can also be used to design recommender systems for journal submission for new authors in a discipline.	0
We also discovered that cultural and historical similarities with neighboring countries play a more significant role in publication activity than population size.	1
1 Types of data that are collected about involved paper, user and post of Facebook altmetrics	0
The hidden structures and properties, like key players, network of key players for scientific collaborations, and their network characteristics are analyzed and synthesized in this study.	1
Data sharing is not applicable to this article as no new data were created or analysed in this study.	0
7 Relative flow of nodes between the detected network communities over time	0
Let I = [a, b] denote any nonempty closed interval of extended real numbers R = [-∞,∞].	0
Moreover, it will significantly contribute to a deeper understanding of contemporary humanitarian challenges in Eastern Europe.	1
We can observe that as X has more publications so X is influencing Y with a greater value and vice versa.	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Dixie Fisher on 01 June 2014.	0
To give a simple but fair overall comparison between the three, the geometric mean Microsoft Academic citations counts per article for each year were expressed as a percentage of the geometric mean Scopus citations and Mendeley readers, taking the median across all 11 years as the main estimate.	0
2 Network size: number of authors collaborating per year (absolute numbers)	0
We see that X is a scalar measure of total research output.	0
We were not able to classify ten documents because they were written in a language we could not understand or could not display the characters in our browser.	0
This paper uses communities of practice as a conceptual model for exploring how the NACP has fared in creating such a knowledge network, both in terms of measuring the connectivity among program participants, and in terms of incorporating measuring social, economic and policy-relevant topics into carbon cycle science research.	1
Our study is the first to investigate publication productivity among pathology residents.	1
Additionally, the research emphasizes the connection between lab environment and researchers' moral cognition, providing a theoretical foundation for mitigating the negative impacts of publication pressure on moral cognition.	1
Received October 6, 1994; revised January 3, 1995, June 1, 1995, and August 7, 1995; accepted November 10, 1995.	0
Notes: RC: Citations to Research Items; RI: Number of Research Items; TC: Citations to Total Published Items; TI: Number of Total Published Items.	0
Additional details on the selected funding programmes can be found in Supplementary Appendix Table A1.	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
There are winners and losers of the editorial expansion strategy of WoS in the real academic world.	1
This study offers a fine-grained portrayal and measurement of policy citation features, providing insights into policy adoption decisions from a novel perspective of citation choice.	1
Another contribution lies in the development of several useful indicators.	1
While other research articles have looked at visibility of the library and reasons for where the link to the library webpage is placed, this article will explore how the location of the library link on doctorate-granting institution websites correlates with research output.	1
However, after controlling for confounding variables, the present findings identified only three parameters, namely the year of publication, type of paper, and scope of the paper's title, as significant predictors of citation status, according to the multiple logistic regression analysis.	1
These results indicate that (1) peer-reviewed scientific publications receiving more attention in non-scientific media are more likely to be cited than scientific publications receiving less popular media attention, and (2) the non-scientific media is associated with the scientific agenda.	1
That point needs to be kept in mind before proposing a new or elaborate organization for co-operation.	0
Our study contributes to the IDR literature in two primary ways.	1
Further research is required to investigate the relationship between the prescriptive versus the descriptive nature of reviewer behaviour.	0
In particular, we have subdivided non-economic factors into aspirational and relational factors and have documented the prevalence of the former in explaining willingness to leave a host country.	1
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this paper are available online at http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.	0
Difference between manually calculated (including pre-1995 publications) and automated (including only post-1995 publications) h-index values by academic rank (Kruskal-Wallis, P < 0.0001).	0
This paper, Part 2 of A Post-Positivist Answering Back, will demonstrate how easy it is to mis-specify a model with both covariance based structured equation modeling (CBSEM) and partial least squares (PLS), and that had even only a correlation or covariance matrix of the measurement items been provided such models could have been falsified at the onset.	1
This study contributes by linking diverse levels of collaboration and funding sources to article’s novelty and thus extending the scope of bibliometric research of publications.	1
However, most of these studies remain at an exploratory level and rarely contribute to a theoretical understanding about the underlying mechanisms of the social work discipline and its progress.	1
The present study assessed the field of research related to traffic medicine using a combination of bibliometric tools and novel visualizing techniques.	1
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Zhan Bu	0
The number of NIH career development awards has increased NIH-wide, and for non-physician faculty but not for physicians in departments of psychiatry.	1
Our findings suggest than only a minority of the UK-based researchers who publish the most influential papers receives funding from the UK's major public and charity bodies.	1
Yet 30% of NHLBI-funded obesity publications were in the top 10% for citations, indicating that a substantially higher than expected proportion of these publications were highly cited based on their journal subject category and publication year.	1
In the era of print, cover image is the first thing to catch people's sight when someone picks up a journal.	0
The paper proceeds with a literature review, explaining previous developments in the field of citation research as it relates to accounting.	0
To address these challenges, we have proposed a graphical article-level metric (gALM), which is visualized as a graphical wheel to intuitively show both scientific impact and social popularity (in Mendeley) of papers.	1
The emphasis on the development of ICT is central in the pursuit of productivity-driven growth and the knowledge- based economy.	0
RI and RE Country Report Cards can be a tool to monitor, compare, and strengthen RE and integrity across countries through empowerment and inspiration by examples of good practices and developed systems.	1
However, few studies extracted the gratitude to reviewers from the acknowledgement text, outline the true situation of the author's gratitude to reviewers in the acknowledgement and measures whether the reviewers have got the deserved acknowledgments from the authors of manuscripts.	1
Firstly, we expand on existing studies by examining how information disclosure affects the spread of fundamental knowledge and the dynamics of cumulative scientific discovery.	1
This study, however, utilises not only literature data but also case data, taking into account the characteristics of the event to elucidate the academic community's response to different types of public health events.	1
The following was the study's first hypothesis: “high research performance authors publish higher percentage of international collaborative papers than other authors do.”	0
Citation analysis enabled rapid identification of the most frequently cited journals that are essential to academic researchers.	1
In the following subsections the methods used for both data collection and analysis will be discussed in some detail.	0
However, this study reveals a different perspective on how certain strategic initiatives and policies have gradually lost their effectiveness due to the institutionalized stratification of China's scholarly communication.	1
At first sight, this figure does not represent much, because it only shows the number of articles received and accepted.	0
The top 20 highly cited authors’ weighted PageRank on citations and its different damping factors.	0
Both in terms of the quantity of papers produced and of their scientific impact, the concentration of research funding in the hands of the so-called ‘elite’ of researchers produces diminishing marginal returns.	1
Quoted prose is distinguished from recycled prose by the syntax of quotation quotation marks or block indentation.	1
The study established whether researchers in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), South Africa excluded, view societal impact as extending across all three elements or as confined to the last element only.	1
In summary, quantitative analysis on funding maintains to be a hot topic.	0
By focusing on the network externality that runs from subscriptions to authors, our research provides the first attempt to estimate the size of network externalities for the academic journal market.	1
Received November 12, 2012; revised December 4, 2012; accepted December 5, 2012	0
For legacy websites, only subdirectories related to health were used as starting point for further analysis.	0
All analyses were performed by IBM SPSS statistics (version 22; IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA).	0
Our results show that a heavy reliance on international funding and collaboration does not necessary lead to a compromise in research priorities.	1
Considering the negligence of publication selection and the lack of author-supplied keywords analysis, the authors hope to put forward an improved methodology to analyze the popular research topics in the recent journal publications of LIS.	1
H-index of the researcher and H-index of the citing articles for 13 of the Brazilian PhD researchers in physical exercise and sports.	0
However, such a publication has not been reported in the field of PET.	1
The journal compositions of EBMs of the major countries are illustrated in Fig.	0
First, this study constructs an innovative value creation process for the EV industry by using network DEA to measure and calculate performance data across three domains: innovation, operation, and the market.	1
On the other hand, in this paper, we discuss the writing style and promote research in this area.	1
Importantly, our study did not show a strong direct correlation between the Altmetric Attention Score and senior author h5-index.	1
Here, based on a re-analysis of these data for the 102,740 funded grants with percentile scores of 20 or better, we report that these percentile scores are a poor discriminator of productivity.	1
In this paper, we proposed a two-staged dissemination process to profile the diffusion of scientific papers from academia to social media.	1
Our study yields a picture of a topical network of papers linked by ideas, not a social network of authors linked by interactions.	0
The journals identified as predatory by one standard may be regarded as legitimate by other standards.	1
This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
In light of the above, I set out to present a new approach to large-scale studies of the JIF from the viewpoint of citing journal, i.e., journals that provide impact by means of the references in the articles they publish.	1
1995 to 2016, and a larger geographic scope.	1
Finally, we conclude with a discussion of the implications of our findings for science governance.	1
The authors wish to thank the suggestions provided by the anonymous reviewers that greatly improved the manuscript.	0
*The National Center for Atmospheric Research is funded by the National Science Foundation.	0
Our main finding is that academics with the orientation to a global science measured by their responses and publication behavior patterns generally have a more positive attitude regarding the use of metrics in research evaluation, while their counterparts committed to a local academic path are more likely to show a more negative attitude to the use of metrics in general and the use of international databases in particular.	1
CR offers a hint that an ideal measure to resolve both age and span issues of BC pairs is possible and probably does not require a sophisticated algorithm.	1
The publication data related to 54 individuals who received their doctoral degrees in 1995 and produced 196 items during the 1991–2000 period including 46 publications derived from their dissertations is presented below.	0
Our survey has provoked broad interest [40] and demonstrates that people value activities beyond writing and analyzing data but the opinions are polarized: As many researchers credit activities like supervision almost always as those that credit them almost never, even people in the same field and country.	1
By analyzing data from nearly all US PhD recipients and their dissertations across three decades, this paper finds demographically underrepresented students innovate at higher rates than majority students, but their novel contributions are discounted and less likely to earn them academic positions.	1
The formula hww is “universal” in the sense that it gives a proxy representation of h that holds for any given journal and any dataset.	1
This article postulates the conceptualisation and implementation of an intelligent decision support system (IDSS) tailored to the aerospace technology sector.	1
An iterative program was written to find the maximum likelihood fit to the citation model described.	0
Due to the lack of empirical literature at a global level of Open Access, this paper presents two main objectives.	1
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License	0
We contribute to the literature by exploring co-authorship in the fields of Economics as well as Finance for a novel dataset by employing a different methodology.	1
2 Trend of Japan's contribution in the selected nuclear medicine journals.	0
Reviewed by: Denis Essers (National Bank of Belgium) Jan Br?ha (Czech National Bank)	0
Table 6 Chi square tests on author affiliations (using the 10 most cited author groups)	0
To provide information references and macroguidance for seismic researchers, while comparing with the status of earthquake research before 2010 (Liu et al.	1
1 The effect of the journal name, the continent of the last author, and the article methodology on the time from submission to acceptance, acceptance to publication, and submission to publication	0
All 24 Russell Group business schools and 75 business schools in total are represented in the final sample.	0
The final section consists of a brief summary and statement of conclusions.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
The apparent trends we have observed over 6 years may be of interest to the medical research community.	0
S is the share of proposals accepted for the second stage.	0
Our findings add important insights to the mechanism of knowledge production.	1
As one of the first studies in this field, the research findings presented here provide specific theoretical and practical implications, with limitations, and the potential for expansion in future studies.	1
2 Study design of the top 100 most cited articles in female pelvic medicine and reconstructive surgery (FPMRS)	0
First, the active scholar assessment (ASA) methodology differs from revealed-preference approaches (e.g., citation-based rankings) in that it directly uses responses from active scholars who have published in a broad set of 102 finance to endogenously rank and classify journals by quality and importance scores using a mixed regression with nested random journal-within-tiers effects.	1
As one of the first in the journal-ranking literature, this study has significant implications, as it introduces a new ranking approach.	1
Statistics of Keyword Frequency of Advertising Design Research in China From 1992 to 2000.	0
The main contribution of the present study was, therefore, to use a validated statistical analysis, hierarchical partitioning, to overcome these limitations by simultaneously exploring a large range of variables that potentially affect Nobel awards.	1
One of our most interesting analyses revealed that when the top 20 authors published in radiology journals, they were cited by articles in radiology journals more than twice as often as when they published in nonradiology journals (43.0% versus 19.7%).	1
That is how Arana (2020), combining Nicolson's (2013) and Giffin's (1967) definitions proposed a different interpretation of the citations per paper: it should be a trust measure, instead of an impact one.	1
A growing geometric hypergraph built on a cluster of concentric circles is proposed to model two specific collaboration behaviors, namely the behaviors of research team leaders and those of the other team members.	1
Acknowledgements The paper is an extended version of the ISSI2021 conference paper, Wang and Jeppsson (2021).	0
The standardized beta coefficients that are not shown in Table 7 are available upon request.	0
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Honghao Gao.	0
The numbers mentioned in the text are given in italics in the table	0
Libcitations, by contrast, are a form of indexing that is content-neutral.	1
Based on our results, we conclude that the national collaboration with Spanish health science researchers abroad is weak, which means that good practices to both benefit from the scientific knowledge potential and improve the likelihood of health science researchers returning from abroad are not put into practice.	1
Instead, one of the main contributions of this paper (and its companion papers) are methods for investigating differences between solutions, such as Ariadne, the lexical fingerprint analysis, and the affinity network visualization that we expect will be valuable in such a future undertaking.	1
We offer here a foundation for the integrated field of science of science that studies science, and its foundations and limits, by combining methods and evidence from across the sciences.	1
In this paper, we use the term "network of networks" (NoN) as an overarching term to address all related concepts including "interconnected networks", "multilayer networks", "multiplex networks", "interdependent networks", "multinetworks", "multilevel networks”, and “multidimensional networks".	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, no bibliometric analysis on schizophrenia-related publication retractions has been published.	1
School of Computing and Information Technology, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1SB, United Kingdom.	0
The analysis does also aim at reflecting on some of the qualities and characteristics of research in the field.	1
* Only the general designation is given for international and highly decentralized companies.	0
The preceding bibliometric analysis finds that international collaboration plays an increasingly prominent role in Canadian nano research.	0
These results differ from previous studies, where trends in citations and altmetrics were often aligned, or no direct comparisons were made.	1
To shed light on such questions, it is important to include at least one (central) non-Noble Prize theme in the study.	1
This paper offers a rationale for why disruptive research tends to be associated with small teams.	1
Figure 1 restates these general findings in terms of number of citations per individual.	0
Our findings further support researchers' understanding of the impact formation of innovation.	1
We also provided good guidance to scholars in different design fields who would like to explore the citation practices in their fields.	1
We develop and propose a new counting method at the aggregate level for contributions to scientific publications called modified fractional counting (MFC).	1
Abigail Branford is a doctoral student in the Department of Education at the University of Oxford.	0
Hence, this study aims to provide a unique bibliometric record of the transformative processes that have unfolded in recent years within the Ukrainian A&H field.	1
Using these indices, it proposes a filter to separate the authors into influential ones and mass producers.	1
What we have not done, however, which we intend to do here, is to take stock of each and every one of the major scholarly features (16 in all) that we investigated during the whole project with respect to their perceived value and use by ECRs as of the most recent year of the study (2018).	1
This work describes a Bayesian-based formal model to study the effect of overconfidence about the causes of manuscript rejection due to confirmatory bias in peer review.	1
Edited by Dean Keith Simonton, University of California, Davis, CA, and accepted by the Editorial Board September 26, 2015 (received for review July 11, 2015)	0
Received January 23, 2013; revised April 10, 2013; accepted April 11, 2013	0
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
Table 1: Comparison of features in Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar	0
All clinical orders and results were recorded in the EMR and interrogated for this study.	0
One way to address the problem is through post-publication peer review (PPPR), an efficient complement to traditional peer-review that allows for the continuous improvement and strengthening of the quality of science publishing.	1
This article explored whether scientists respond to the use of citations as a formal criterion to drive career decisions by opportunistically increasing self-citations.	1
Statistical data of the articles published and citations made compared with Poisson frequency distribution.	0
This paper gives a contribution to the “science of science”, establishing a close similarity among the publishing habits of the researchers of diverse disciplines.	1
This study uses bibliometric statistics to shed further light on the global landscape of citation index publications with special focus on China and the USA.	1
Secondly, the clustering results obtained using other algorithms could provide different results, as the HCA technique employed in it suffers from sensitivity to data order, initial seeds, and outliers.	0
TC-2009: total citations of articles from publication to 2009; C/Y: number of citations/year.	0
Existing approaches to determining journal rankings are significantly advanced with the application of a new classification approach, ‘random forests', and data envelopment analysis.	1
The purpose of this paper is to reveal the limitations of h-index in assessing research performance through citation analysis and suggest two new indexes called prime index (P-index) and value added index (V-index), which are simpler to compute than g-index and more informative.	1
5 Vienna University Library, Department of Bibliometrics & Publication Strategies, University of Vienna, Boltzmanngasse 5, 1090 Vienna, Austria	0
Nonetheless, our findings provide a foundation for further research and discussion on this topic and can help librarians provide unbiased recommendations to faculty and graduate students on publication choices.	1
Access to the scientific literature is perceived to be a challenge to the biodiversity conservation community, but actual level of literature access relative to needs has never been assessed globally.	1
Moreover, we contribute by uncovering a set of potential research themes based on an overview over exposed themes in extant literature and on possible gaps especially on the varying importance of narratives in CARs for measuring organizations' performance.	1
All of the indicators checked either have too little data or increase the overall difference between Spain and the UK and so none can be suggested as alternatives to reduce the bias against Spain in traditional citation indexes.	1
The main novelty of the method presented in this essay is, that it considers bibliographic-couplings not as singular links between documents, which have to be cut off after a certain threshold in order to be sensibly visualized in a network-structure, but treats them like word-vectors in a text-classification problem: When two texts cite the same third text, this increases the similarity between documents, and the resulting similarity-matrix can then be used to perform dimensionality-reduction for visualization and classification purposes.	1
Prior to the results interpretation, it would be relevant to state that this is one of the first scientometric analyses done with MAS data, so taking into account the reliability and consistency of the results, the use of this new web tool can be highly recommended for collaboration studies.	1
Each group follows a general methodology and typically has some common steps of procedures that they go through.	0
Today, 30 years later, we can answer the pointed question posed above [1] by stating that they are not only read but also cited and recognized worldwide [7].	1
Second, the model focuses on the organisational developments, and largely ignores national (let al.one international) developments in open science and research, yet it might be more advantageous to open science and research to have more national level infrastructure and services.	1
For the purposes of discussion, we have dubbed them as 'myths' as it is our intent to provide readers with additional insight that will allow them to evaluate the accuracy of each.	1
The present research represents a general bibliometric review of the relevant published scientific achievements regarding food industry by-products to establish current focal points and trends in this area and the analysis of relationships between authors, journals, institutions, countries, and references.	1
For illustration, the values for selected Jimp journals in which guidelines and application touch the field of thermal analysis and applied thermodynamics are summarized in Table 1.	0
Thus, it does provide a point of reference for future studies of the activity that is the genesis of federal laboratory technology transfer, and it benchmarks a feasible method for those studies.	1
This study provided a dynamic and comprehensive perspective on the continuous evolution of EM research in Taiwan during the past two decades by analysing scientific publications with first authors affiliated with Taiwan EDs and affiliated with Taiwanese in EM journals over the past 20 years.	1
Is Research Professor in the Department of Sociology of Ghent University, Belgium.	0
In this study we focus on characteristics of SBs that have not or hardly been investigated previously.	1
Openness values of French and German sociology journals (the worldwide publication shares are estimated as: English: 81.4%, French: 4.8%, German: 3%).	0
Our contribution to the existing literature, which so far consists of studies with highly segmented samples, is a representative analysis of the entire young adult population of Spain between 18 and 25 years of age that provides generalizable data, which, as Waheed (2009) highlights, allows us to obtain ‘a reflection of the extent to which education systems are or are not up to the task of the new information societies' (p.	1
This article provides an alternative measure of scientific achievement based on citations, but their negative effects are reduced to a minimum, thus yielding a measure that cannot be easily manipulated.	1
The size of the text represents the meme occurrence normalized to a [0, 1] range, whereas the color shows to which topic the meme belongs.	0
4 Division of Bone Diseases, Geneva University Hospital and Faculty of Medicine, Geneva, Switzerland	0
The retraction of publications wastes resources and damages the credibility of scientific research.	0
Received May 24, 1994; revised September 1, 1994; accepted September 1, 1994.	0
On a theoretical level, our study enriches the understanding of how the mechanism of cumulative advantages operates when international academic mobility interacts with the influence of doctoral mentors, and how doctoral mentors continuously exert their influence on their mentees' career development during the postdoctoral stage and beyond.	1
To address these issues and to provide assessors with an easy, rapid, yet objective relative index of citation performance for any group of researchers, we designed a new index we call the ‘ε-index’ (the ‘ε’ signifies the use of residuals, or deviance from a trend) that is simple to construct, can be standardized across disciplines, is meaningful only as a relative index for a particular sample of researchers, can be corrected for career breaks (see Methods), and provides a sample-specific threshold above and below which assessors can determine whether individual performance is greater or less than that expected relative to the other researchers in the specific sample.	1
Preclinical articles comprised 75% of the top 100 most-cited articles in the imaging literature.	1
MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We contribute to the literature on publication strategies and scientific careers by providing information about researchers' collaboration and productivity behavior and its impact on citations over a three-year time window.	1
Nevertheless, to the best of our knowledge, this study is the first of its kind with regard to the scope, the timespan covered, and the use of bibliometric and text-mining techniques and tools to quantitatively synthesize and map the intellectual and conceptual structure of the research on the Balkans – Southeast Europe.	1
Department of Business Economics, Legal, Merceological and Geographical Science, University of Foggia, Largo Giovanni Paolo II 1, 71100 Foggia, FG, Italy	0
Funding was provided by grant SES-8304029 from the National Science Foundation.	0
Received: 13 January 2015 / Revised: 20 January 2016 / Accepted: 20 February 2016	0
Most importantly, this study challenges the dominant internal-external distinction by introducing a systematic distinction between genuine external hyperlinks and pseudo-external hyperlinks when comparing various types of online health news.	1
This paper goes into detail about the patterns of convergence in the world production of scientific knowledge and applies log t test methodology to national scientific production data in an original way.	1
By identifying types of problems that lead to substantive textual changes, we provide a means of systematically studying and understanding the nature of the objective changes brought about by peer review and the editorial process.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to address the entire network of researchers working in Brazil at Master's and Doctoral levels, and draws on data from more than 737,000 researchers.	1
The current analysis of the Scopus database has documented a massive increase in the number of authors who exhibit extreme publishing behavior in recent years in fields outside the discipline of nuclear and particle physics that has been well-known to operate with large-scale collaborations resulting in massive co-authorships of published articles.	1
Through the inclusion of six alternate journals to our TE review, we also provided insights into analyzing TE as a sub-field of MOT, and found that TE centers of excellence differed from MOT centers of excellence.	1
As a final recommendation, publishers should make articles accessible on a continuous basis, once the version accepted by the editor is available, based on the results of this study, which provides empirical evidence of a citation advantage in this strategy and confirms previous results (Tort et al. 2012; Yu et al. 2005).	1
Please also note that more faculty names are found in the IR than in the SR.	0
A final drawback is that without a longitudinal study one cannot state categorically that it is the rise to higher status alone that accounts for the recorded differences in behavior.	0
1 Negative binomial regression of the predicted number of monthly downloads since publication	0
Authors have no competing interests to declare that are relevant to this article.	0
This article attempts to fill these knowledge gaps by offering a multifaceted analysis of the intersection between gender, authorship, and research methods using 4973 articles authored by 11, 033 individuals, within three leading tourism journals.	1
For the present study, we have developed our own stability indicator, which has proven itself in practical use.	1
The Composite Index proposed here is based on bibliometric indicators, specifically, number of papers, citations, highly cited papers (relative, i.e., top 1% cited within the set of papers considered) and internationally collaborative papers, with at least one author located outside India.	1
While prior work has investigated this question [Suri et al. 2011], our experiment offers more statistical power and reveals new and significant trends.	1
This study aims to explicitly bridge the observed gap between the vast body of existing scientometric methodologies in literature and their combination to clarify dynamics of topics and trends in the evolution of emerging research fields.	1
PII: S 0 1 6 4 - 1 2 1 2 ( 0 1 ) 0 0 0 5 1 - 6	0
The expectation that research should have impact at an almost general level of aggregation could be unique to the SSA context.	1
The authors would like to thank an Associate Editor, and the referees for their helpful comments, which greatly improved the paper.	0
It suggests concrete actions regarding the conduct and evaluation of evidence syntheses, and the dissemination of any retractions.	1
National collaborations involve co-authors from two or more local (national) institutions producing a joint publication.	0
Additionally, one of the most significant aspects is provided by the clustering of the descriptors that enabled us to detail and interpret their behaviour from recent years to the present.	1
Although bibliometric analyses have been conducted across several fields of surgery, we believe this to be the largest study on plastic and reconstructive surgery.	1
Despite previous analyses in the services sector, this method had not, until now, been applied to the discipline of bank marketing.	1
This process is then repeated for all scholars that one seeks to compare, and then their scores can be compared.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first comprehensive bibliometric study of Highly Cited Papers (HCPs) in the subject category of RNMI across the years spanning from 2011 to 2021.	1
In conclusion, this study presented a comprehensive review of the journal, both supporting the Tatnall and Fluck (2022) study and presenting divergent findings.	1
Paper received, 2 July 1998; revised, 12 July 1999; accepted, 20 July 1999.	0
A new metric, which combines PageRank centrality with the explicit requirement that paper score is not biased by paper age, is the best-performing metric overall in identifying the Milestone Letters.	1
As such, our approach does not pretend to embrace the whole complexity of knowledge-intensive organizations, in particular the intricate co-evolutionary processes existing between formal organizations and more local team-based and individual-based decisions (Lazega et al.	0
A special thanks goes to Ronit Kolar who has been especially helpful over the last years.	0
This study was supported by the COST Transdomain Action TD1306 New Frontiers of Peer Review (PEERE).	0
The majority variances are located near zero, and only a portion has diverse rank status.	0
Qinggen Zhang, post-doctoral scholar at HUST, for the provision of invaluable statistical assistant during analysis process.	0
Received 19 December 2022; Received in revised form 11 October 2023; Accepted 7 November 2023	0
We did this in Section 5, by developing a novel simulation-based method to quantify how the interest levels in graphene science and technology change over time, to report more compelling evidence for the 'Golden Eras'.	1
Moreover, this performance advantage seems to go beyond a screening mechanism, suggesting early-career setback appears to cause a performance improvement among those who persevere.	1
As such, the present article constitutes a refinement of a previous proposal that operates on the level of Web of Science subject categories.	1
Robinson in partial fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of Master in Library and Information Studies at University College Dublin.	0
Thus, our results stand in contrast to the natural sciences, where the number of authors have decreased for Covid-19 papers.	1
However, in this contribution, a possible reason for the sparking phenomenon is revealed, namely, that it involves being cited by elite scientists (who are sensitive to truly fundamental work) or cited by scientists with higher h-indices under a corresponding citation window.	1
Overall, the results of this research add to our understanding of the mechanisms that are behind the association between scientific mobility and network formation.	1
The collaboration, under this crowd-translation project, was carried out at an international and multidisciplinary, covering librarian, humanist and IT specialist groups from North America, Asia and Europe.	1
Our approach, different from the previous ones, is able to distinguish such cases and bring further insights into the assessment of the interdisciplinary of a corpus of publications.	1
Our work contributes to a growing body of research aimed at understanding how and why articles are cited, and can be used by researchers to strategically develop their manuscripts to maximize their potential influence and incorporation into the field of wildlife management.	1
* p < 0.1; ** p < 0.05; *** p < 0.01 represent levels of significance	0
The analysis also provides key insights about the evolution of the field over time.	1
Veterinary Ophthalmology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Veterinary Ophthalmologists.	0
Acknowledgements This research is supported by National Social Science Foundation of China (#16ZD08, #13AZD072, and #12AZD046).	0
The first column of the table refers to the relative rankings of the departments while the last column provides the exact measurements of the AER-equivalent publications for each department, i.e., the total sum of the publications produced by each department after weighting each journal publication with its corresponding impact factor reported in Table 2.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
We propose an innovative utilization of the scale-free property of the power laws as a scaling relationship, to normalize research productivity indicators, and provide results independent by the university size.	1
For them, international work experience is more an additional benefit than a necessity.	0
* Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, VA 24061 (USA)	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We attempted to conduct a topic-specific citation analysis considering the paucity of specified bib- liometrics in medical literature.	1
Second, the findings of this study could provide a theoretical basis and the insights needed for researchers, research institutions and funders to actively participate in and promote international research collaboration.	1
Conflicts of interest are listed at the end of this article.	0
Keywords: Editorial boards · Geographic diversity · Management journals · Globalisation	0
Spreading information to colleagues working in other laboratories or countries and sharing new knowledge by timely publication of research findings or providing details of new method development is fundamental for the advance- ment and practice of science [1].	0
More explicitly, studying the Chinese case, we have identified the following decisive factors in our analysis of how university rankings are set up nationally and where, arguably, crucial distinctions can be located: (a) the structure of the science system and in particular the degree of university autonomy, (b) the degree to which science and higher education policy (even policy making in general) is tied to quantitative benchmarking, and (c) the choice by policy makers between nationally designed rankings and rankings produced elsewhere.	1
Except for 2 years, the annual number of articles is 4 or below.	0
Downloaded by [The UC Irvine Libraries] at 12:26 24 November 2014	0
Accordingly, this paper develops a fuzzy multi-criteria group evaluation method which considers objective and subjective evaluations, i.e., bibliometric measures and peer review opinions simultaneously.	1
The timing of manuscript submission remains a predictor of manuscript acceptance.	1
* The number of lines was counted for pages without any figures, tables, etc.	0
The following finding resulting from the combined analysis of readiness measures and focus-group interviews merits highlighting: Although all analyzed aspects seemed to speak in favor of collaborative readiness among researchers from an outside-perspective, the researchers themselves reported to perceive little or no E&C among the sub-projects.	1
In particular, this study includes more datasets, a more comprehensive list of network-based metrics, and a simulation method for co-word networks.	1
But is this an innovative piece of science, progressing further our understanding of how to evaluate the quality and value of scientific papers, institutions and authors, or is it a very elegant sand sculpture, impressive and convincing to look at, but with no robust substance?	1
Second, the causal inference approach used in this study could provide new ideas for future work in estimating the effect of OA on policy impact.	1
It offers a very intuitive and easy-to-implement way to rank academic journals.	1
He also served as a university administrator and a government minister.	0
Chengdu Branch of the National Science Library, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chengdu, People's Republic of China	0
In doing this, I combine the concepts of organizational fields, Scott's (2008) three pillars of institu- tions, and capital into a theory that captures the motivations of people—as opposed to organizations—within organizational fields.	1
Received: 8 January 2016; Accepted: 27 March 2016; Published: 13 May 2016	0
However, this is explained by the fact that documents are categorized in two document types in Web of Science Core Collection, for example, 46 'proceedings papers' and one 'book chapter' were classified as the document type 'articles'.	0
Refer to this website for more technical and programming details: http://www.ats.uc la.edu/stat/sas/output/sas_negbin_output.htm	0
There is a lack of systematic studies analyzing exactly what is the overcitation of these papers and how important this fact is depending on the research area concerned.	1
As for the first one, please refer the readers to subsection Heterogeneous information network.	0
Please let us know if you believe their inclusion adds value to the manuscript.	0
In today’s world, claiming precedence of one’s scientific work largely means having to publish it first.	0
This study aims to contribute to the discussion on the optimal level of research funding by analysing the relationship between all funding received by all of Québec’s researchers over a period of 15 years (1998–2012) and their research output and impact from 2000 to 2013.	1
All study data are included in the article and/or SI Appendix.	0
TP = Total papers; TCP = Total collaborated papers; TFCP = Total funded collaborated papers.	0
The S-shaped functional relation between the mean citation score and the proportion of top 10% publications for the 500 Leiden Ranking universities is explained using results of the shifted Lotka function.	1
M. Zavadsky, a well-known Soviet historian of biology, for his valuable advice and assistance.	0
As we will describe in detail below, we employ two versions of article counts as our measures of quantity.	0
The full network with all 194 nodes can be viewed at: https://s.gwdg.de/RiURUK	0
Any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this paper are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
In our study institution is defined as the top level entry of the database affiliation field.	0
This article highlights the need for an increased coherence between researchers' expectations and their universities' scientific collaboration policies.	1
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
This paper is part of the Journal of Professional Issues in Engineering Education & Practice, Vol.	0
This study identified some of the Journal's most impactful papers.	1
This paper uses a large data set of PubMed Central (PMC) full-text publications and analyzes citation sentiment in more than 32 million citances within PMC, revealing citation sentiment patterns at the journal and discipline levels.	1
A novel multi-task deep learning framework is proposed for citation intent classification in this paper.	1
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Let us caution that CorText is still in its developmental phase.	0
U.S./EU and RW/EU gaps according to the Mean Normalized Citation Score indicators at the field level.	0
These are the journal self-citations that contribute to the impact factor (JSCIF).	0
Wormell, Swedish School of Library and Information Science, Allegatan 1, S-501 90 Bor?s, Sweden.	0
The approach consists in defining an ideal optimal citation distribution for any author: a good bibliometric index should be sensitive to the closeness of the real citation distribution to its ideal one.	1
Note: The figure pools the Nobel Prize winner and great inventor data.	0
First, this study contributes to the literature analysis approach.	1
Heyrovsky was awarded the Nobel prize in chemistry in 1959, which led to the intensive development of different versions of polarography and voltammetry, as well as of potentiometry, including potentiometry with ion-selective electrodes (in the 1970s and 1980s), and other electrochemical methods of analysis.	0
The present study adopted a more thorough methodology, using the topic word "orthodon*" to search in the Web of Science and then ranking the articles by the number of citations and applying detailed criteria to the selection process, as recommended by other authors.	1
Unlike previous studies, this study addresses the first research question: what determines the research productivity of university research teams in an environment in which interdisciplinary cooperation is facilitated?	1
To this end, we develop a functional data analysis (FDA) method to analyze the 30-year citation trajectories of a sample of publications published in 1980 in APS journals.	1
In this short communication, we show that the ignorance of quality censoring is behind a zero probability of payment for the reviewer.	1
Finally, we introduced a data-driven modelling and simulation approach to confirm the existence of these 'Golden Eras'.	1
By EF, titles publishing most frequently on testicular and kidney neoplasms were joint 5th, and leukaemia and myeloma joint 18th.	0
First, to the best of our knowledge, this is one of the first attempts to understand the relationship between ISM and ISC networks.	1
Thus, the study aims to contribute insights into why and how a fresh perspective can provide us with much-needed entry points to understanding quality from within.	1
While they focused primarily on access costs, we contribute by examining the reduction in search costs pertaining to the elephant in the room—i.e., GS.	1
Downloaded from http://adc.bmj.com/ on May 3, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
They have not been peer-reviewed or been subject to the review by the NBER Board of Directors that accompanies official NBER publications.	0
I here focus on the information contained in the new indicators.	0
School of Information Management, Sun Yat-sen University, Waihuan East Road, Panyu District, Guangzhou 510006, Guangdong, China	0
This is a slightly revised version of the paper presented at ISSI 2009 and appeared in In Birger Larsen & Jacqueline Leta, Proceedings of ISSI 2009—the 12th International Conference of the International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, July 14–17, 2009.	0
Comparatively, our approach aimed to analyze the whole consultant cohort in the United Kingdom, giving a broader and more representative view of the neurosurgical community.	1
Here, we proposed a method to identify the paper that rediscovers a sleeping paper, known as a rediscovering paper, based on the citation network of the sleeping paper.	1
The goal with the present paper is to offer comprehensive treatment of these three points based on an evaluation of recent developments in the IS field, by employing a co-word analysis approach.	1
We propose a new approach to detect the otherwise “invisible” or at least partially hidden, path of knowledge from an original scientific work during its evolution from science to technology.	1
Next, our research method is outlined, followed by the main results of two, empirical case studies that borrow from two real-world conferences, including a thorough comparative study.	0
From an information science perspective, this review demonstrates that particularistic histories of science and technology may be fruitfully augmented with informetric approaches to examine how disciplinary narratives of diffusion coincide with patterns across science more broadly.	1
2 Temporal trend of the daily total visits to 110 sample articles	0
What we can establish so far is that the experience in Norway, with a differentiated publication model linked to funding, is different from the experience in Australia, with an undifferentiated model.	1
EXACT DETAILS ON USAGE OF ISI, SCOPUS, AND PUBLISH OR PERISH	0
Empirically, we have presented new evidence on gender differences in international research collaboration by applying a database with complete coverage of the scientific and scholarly publication output.	1
Indeed, our analyses consistently highlight the crucial role of researchers from interdisciplinary disciplines as authors of articles most likely to produce fully coupled two-way linkages.	1
To get the relevant sample an amount of bibliographic data on CEE authors was crucial.	0
The survey was conducted with the help of computer-assisted web interviewing (CAWI) on a random sample of researchers.	0
We applied a recently developed hierarchical clustering procedure for symbolic data to the coauthorship structure of scientific disciplines.	1
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
We defined a new hybrid indicator based on the combination of quantitative indicators.	1
A recent peer review of a manuscript further reminds me of the fact that some practices regarding the use of Web of Science Core Collection may also hinder the reproducibility of many academic researches.	0
In this article, we improve the disruption metric by eliminating the impact of highly cited references of the focal paper.	1
In addition, this is the first study that examines the correlation/association of location context of two or more citations to the same work in a citing article.	1
To address the multiple authorship problem, this paper develops an improved number-of-papers-published indicator.	1
For comparison, Harvard is ranked 1 by Shanghai and Leiden, and 2 by Times and QS, and has Pubs = 60,768, CPP = 16.34, and NI = 2.00.	0
The main contribution of this paper is to comparatively study the mobility pattern of different genders, i.e., women and men, and their scientific outcome among scientific fields and countries across the stages of career development.	1
Specifically, our model explained 84.1% of the variance in unit-level output GPAs in REF2021.	1
Continuing Bourdieu's line of reasoning, SC can offer a conceptual bridge between sociology and scientometrics.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Citation analysis of pediatric publications reveals a sustained interest in articles that are based around criteria or guidelines rather than clinical trials.	1
We extend the existing evidence of the effect of the local environment on research productivity in various directions.	1
Patent documents also offer competitive intelligence to support a company's business decisions.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
We show that the GCN is the best performing architecture for this task in the present context.	1
Given the large number of new journals in education and psychology, plus thousands of publications that had already existed prior to 2000, many researchers require the advanced searching/sorting capabilities of indexing and abstracting services.	0
And what is interesting are the proportions between the various categories.	0
Fifth, the paper addresses a broader set of questions including perceptions of acceptance rates, how faculty are evaluated, and how journals are performing.	1
Citation histogram for Journal of Geophysical Research: B (Solid Earth and Planets).	0
In this descriptive study, drawing on the latest bibliometric research approaches and results using national databases as a main data source, we aim to expand knowledge about publication patterns in journal publishing in SSH.	1
A computer search technique was developed to solve (5) for the ML estimator of β.	0
To mark this anniversary, this work presents a bibliometric overview of the journal in order to identify the leading trends that have occurred over the last 20 years.	1
We hypothesize that Wikipedia, with more than 8.5 million page views per hour,3 is a new but crucial pathway through which the public consumes science and this diffusion of science may relate to its accessibility in two ways.	1
To address this dearth of research, this study explores the citation rates of subject areas in library and information science (LIS) in Korea.	1
We first tried to provide a comprehensive, integrated overview of the themes in urban health by means of bibliometric analysis.	1
Using Pierre Bourdieu's model of capital conversion, we explain how publishers transfer the symbolic capital of an already prestigious journal to derivative journals that share in the prestige of the original brand and transform it into new economic capital.	1
This article analyzes repeat authors within academic journals as a possible exemplar of the Matthew Effect.	1
The network analysis of institutional collaboration provides knowledge on which institutions create more knowledge, how they play crucial roles in the network, and how the social structure of the research community evolves, by periods.	1
The present study signals particular strengths and weaknesses and may serve to indicate and implement more suitable measures.	1
J Med Ethics 2011 37: 567-570 originally published online April 12, 2011	0
Extra 2002 subscriptions for members only cost ￡40/$60 each, inclusive of postage.	0
The first is that non-mainstream journals do publish novel research that escapes the coverage of mainstream journals (gap-filling).	1
This study proposes to apply textual similarity between the textual contents of references (title) and the citing paper (title and abstract) as the textual support indicator.	1
Transparency Maxim: Good research involves publishing complete replication files, making every step of research as explicit and reproducible as is practical.	1
No studies have used both IP days and the corresponding CNIC (or IPcase index) to analyze the effective control of COVID-19, aside from the CNIC and the fatality rate that were used to evaluate the SACOVID [2].	1
** Estimated as 7 times the CA source patent, from Derwent database	0
Overall, the above results suggest the value of pursuing an analysis of heterogeneity.	1
However, for AOTT, the self-citation rate has been determined to be only 2.94% over the past decade in this study.	1
We do not develop costly referee demands any further in this paper.	0
His most recent empirical and theoretical publications underscore the importance of the conservative impulse in science, politics and other domains.	0
Additionally the method proposed for computing the score is also lightweight.	1
Any geometric figure is called convex if it includes all line segments that join the points [54].	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 67(4):967-972, 2016	0
In most subject categories, domestic collaborative publications typically have a lower IAP than international collaborative publications, and the latter have a lower IAP than publications worldwide.	1
Urban and regional planning anticipates and manages the spatial consequences of	0
This study is one of just four publication-based rankings of U.S. sociology departments to appear since 2000.	1
In this paper, we leverage the applied economist's toolkit, together with a novel approach to delineate the boundaries of scientific fields, to explore the effect that the passing of an eminent life scientist exerts on the dynamics of growth, or decline, for the fields in which she was active while alive.	1
1 Other terms to describe such labs include government laboratory, contract research organization, and research association	0
For a more detailed explanation of clustering algorithms in general, see Palla et al (2005).	0
This paper is organized as follows: Section 2 outlines related work, Section 3 details the methods we applied in the present paper, Section 4 provides and discusses the research results, and Section 5 concludes the research and identifies future work.	0
The citation accrual patterns to 14 journals selected from the WoS.	0
scientific progress | durable dominance | entrepreneurial futility | science policy | science of science	0
This is a recently described concept that allows adjustment of the citation count by the number of years since publication.	1
Citation: Martin MR, Kopstein A, Janice JM (2010) An Analysis of Preliminary and Post-Discussion Priority Scores for Grant Applications Peer Reviewed by the Center for Scientific Review at the NIH.	0
Notably, we have included all authors in this analysis regardless of their relative contribution to the study.	0
cOne of these 12 books was in press when this research was carried out.	0
An important finding of our work is that broadening the subject matter to issues that span multiple disciplines detracts from the impact of established sciences but does not affect new sciences.	1
Coursaris (2014) Social Media Research: An Assessment of the Domain's Productivity and Intellectual Evolution, Communication Monographs, 81:3, 285-309, DOI: 10.1080/03637751.2014.921720	0
Citation analysis of the most productive authors in the journal Knowledge Organization (1993-2016).	0
Received: 31 March 2020; Accepted: 25 April 2020; Published: 3 May 2020	0
We argue that literature on citation folk theories should extend its scope beyond simply asking researchers how they view the role and validity of these tools as performance measures, by asking them also what they consider are their professional obligations to handle bibliometrics appropriately.	1
An unexpected result that arose in the interviews with collaborating organisations was the diverse way non-academic partners understood research impact.	1
1 Tel.: +61 (3) 925 17434; fax: +61 (3) 925 17604.	0
Across these disciplines the literature speaks to the six topic areas listed above and five core issues emerge.	0
Journal lists - strategic signaling and pattern formation (inspired by Ghobadi and Robey, 2017).	0
1b), comparing contents, locations, and in-text mention frequency (count-X) of citations, to assign each coupling in the overlap a different weight and finally give comprehensive author relevance strength.	1
To start with, the article gives a brief overview of the debate and the role of open access in advancing a new frame to assess science.	1
It is more and more clear that the critical part of the UK’s performance is not the bulk activity around the centre but the outstanding high-end performance.	0
Note: The citation records of Journal of Financial Management of Property and Construction and Journal of Facilities Management cannot be found on the SCIE, SSCI or AHCI databases of WoS.	0
This article outlines the evolution of a national research funding system over a timespan of more than 40 years and analyzes the development from a rather stable Humboldt-inspired floor funding model to a complex multi-tiered system where new mechanisms continually have been added on top of the system.	1
In our sample, retracted publications that were cited in systematic reviews had a significantly longer period between publication and notice of retraction than those that were not cited (3.2 years versus 7.0 years).	1
For example, the research techniques available for researchers to choose to practice—such as the capability to do ethnographic fieldwork, or to be an environmental economist.	0
The novel combination of those three datasets enables insights which were not possible before at that scale.	1
*total exceeds 100% as data are overlapping due to multidiscipline interaction.	0
1 Flowchart detailing the internal review process for grant applications submitted by faculty members of the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh	0
However, our results may be of use to editors and publishers considering strategies to increase the appeal of their content, and to authors considering where to submit their work.	1
In order to ensure that the recovery rate and the identity of the interviewees meet the requirements of the questionnaire, we only distributed the questionnaires to researchers and editors at our institution (Sichuan Academy of Social Sciences).	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
The article proposes a different measure, applying a scale adapted from the management literature.	1
In order to illustrate this, we use the following example from zoology.	0
The five types of citation patterns construct a total framework for indicating the quality and impact of publications.	1
The impact of such emails on physicians-in-training is yet to be studied.	1
This work contributes a comprehensive review of the scientific production in WPS, combining previously segregated approaches from a scientific viewpoint.	1
We wish to thank the anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments.	0
In the section “Materials and Methods" we present the battery of indicators that will be used, and show a diagram depicting the devised procedure.	0
The reader is encouraged to recognize the variety of types of page present from their descriptions in the table.	0
In this paper we define a suite of metrics for co-authorship graphs to study and characterize the community behind the software conferences included in the CORE ranking list.	1
“The total numbers of papers do not coincide with total papers cited because of papers with more than one origin citing them	0
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
The BOGSAT group is recommending key improvements to publication rules.	1
In contrast to other studies on the diffusion of new technologies, such as new farming methods, CNC machine tools, or new vaccines (Nelson, Peterhansl, and Sampat 2009; Stoneman 2002), our focus is on the diffusion of research, i.e.	1
Galam was the first to insist that any quantitative modification must keep the number of published papers and the total count of citations invariant under multiple authorship, i.e.	1
Thus, in this paper we focus on proposing some of h-type indicators' geometric illustrations to make them more understandable and easier to use for evaluators.	1
By suggesting four new categories of scholars according to their mobility characteristics, this study has found significant differences in the productivity levels of each group.	1
This research is not free of limitations, principally due to its qualitative nature.	0
These findings revealed two important implications: One was that not all collaborations were equal; some collaborations could enhance productivity (or impact), while others diminished.	1
To overcome these, we adopt a bibliometric approach in which we analyze the coauthorships of publications: although there can be exceptions (Katz & Martin, 1997), coauthorship will in general be the outcome of a real research collaboration.	1
For reasons of legibility, we added a root “ed_” to the names of these blogs:	0
fellowship and scholarship, medical societies, programme evaluation, research support as topic, surgeon.	0
We propose for this purpose, the q2 proxy, where q2 is defined as ((NI)2 + (Q1/25)2 + (ER/10)2)/3.	1
Faculty Opinions as a recommendation system is an innovation in scientific communication and bibliographic databases.	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
In the text of this paper, our focus has been on developing measures that made sense.	0
Based on results of our study, titles do matter.	1
1 Only categories with over 500 articles in 2016–2017 are included.	0
Figure reads as follows: in Agricultural Sciences, there are 117 HCRs in the Clarivate list by categories, while in the cross-field list, 319 authors have one HCP or more in this same category.	0
It is clear from our study that journals with similar impact factors are perceived differently by researchers in the sleep research community.	1
We conducted a survey to investigate researchers' adoption of preprinting and their views on benefits of preprinting, concerns about preprinting, and ways in which preprinting can be promoted.	1
Table 5 lists the varying levels of importance journal editors place on manuscript components when making publication decisions;	0
It is not a surprise therefore that no study, known to the author, has analysed the impact or visibility of research papers published by lecturers in Kenyan universities.	1
The snapshots run from left to right in the first row and continue from the left of the second row.	0
Pearson's correlations between PAI and JIF and Spearman's correlations for the rest.	0
With a strong base and history of research institutions and journals, the present study explores grooming a reasonable number of quality journals in India to tackle the menace of predatory publishing.	1
Received 25 August 2023; Received in revised form 27 October 2023; Accepted 3 December 2023	0
The three different types of scientific discovery according to Koshland (2007) are:	0
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
To our knowledge, ours is the first study to appraise the fragility of BBD literature as well as to explore the altmetrics trends in pediatric urology literature.	1
The geochemistry community needs to develop and sustain their own model.	1
Interpersonal communication journals include: Human Communication Research, Communication Theory, Communication Monographs, European Journal of Communication, Quarterly Journal of Speech, and the regional speech journals.	0
Thus, we come up with the idea of using histogram to present well-applied h-type indicators.	1
Unfortunately, our study shows that ESI indicators, as well as other normalized citation indicators, have the following flaws.	1
Our approach in identifying funding agencies' biases against diversity differs, in terms of both method and objectives, from those that recently appeared in the literature.	1
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Alternative cases indicate even stronger incentives for co-author maximization.	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
This work was supported by the Research Support Fund of Wilfrid Laurier University and Alberta Health Innovates.	0
Metadata plays a privileged role in the scholarly communication process by helping identify, discover, assess, and manage scholarly artifacts.	0
In contrast to most of the last 40 years of research on humanities citation patterns, the current study pinpoints a specific area in the field of English scholarship.	1
*Winner of first prize and the Sir George Murray Medal in the 1982 RAIPA Essay Competition.	0
1 Flag of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (left); flag of Montenegro (right)	0
[ Table 7 — Spearman rank correlation between Mendeley, Twitter, and Facebook]	0
We focus on the causal effect of funding on recipients with different temporal characteristics and provide empirical evidence for the variation of recipients with different periods, from the first application to the final award.	1
David Pendlebury for his technical assistance and Abe Fingerhut, M.D., for critical comments.	0
Therefore, we introduce a weight for each RESP value that represents the fraction of a field at a university.	1
However, no study has focused on the social structure of the literature on the lodging industry, which is highly needed since this industry has increased in prominence (Roberts & Shea, 2017).	1
It is the first study to look at the literature on Africa-related IRC research, showing its development over time, the geographical location of the scientists interested in the topic, the visibility of the literature, i.e.	1
Personal innovativeness has not been explored previously in relation to OA publishing.	1
This increase in ERA-LAC publication in biodiversity and climate change was higher than that for other topics and with other regions of the world, even North America.	1
Thus, a major conclusion of our study is that to increase diversity among journal reviewer populations, journals need to increase gender and geographic diversity of their editorial boards.	1
These are just examples: the vectors X and Y can be interpreted in many more ways.	0
ACS, American College of Surgeons; ACRM, American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine; IFATS, International Federation for Adipose Therapeutics and Science; NA, not applicable.	0
As no discipline remains static, the aim of this paper is to present a methodology for conducting literature reviews that can complement traditional content-based reviews by revealing the dynamic evolution of a discipline.	1
Our analysis casts a spotlight on important trends being witnessed in regard to the mental health of radiologists.	1
This enables us to attribute any remaining differences to gender alone.	0
ANU, Australian National University; QLD, Queensland; UNSW, University of New South Wales; UWA, University of Western Australia.	0
ABBREVIATIONS M = million; NIH = National Institutes of Health; NREF = Neurosurgery Research and Education Foundation; RF = Research Fellowship; VW = Van Wagenen Fellowship; YCI = Young Clinician Investigator.	0
This article proposes to study world social sciences over a 30-year period (1980– 2009) with quantitative tools based on a large bibliographic database, the Web of Science (WoS).	1
As remarked by one of the referees, the expression in (7) can be evaluated as follows:	0
The authors appear in alphabetical order and have contributed equally to this paper.	0
We show that female and male researchers have roughly the same amount of publication per year but women produce more human resources.	1
Note that the left and right figures respectively show the distributions of TPs of papers at entity and document levels, i.e., TPEs and TPDs	0
We propose a new method that combines the academic landscape and matrix analysis to understand the relationships among activities of three aspects of the technological landscape: science, technology, and research policy.	1
The question we pose here is a different one: rather than investigating the citation differences between nationally and internationally co-authored papers, we are interested in explaining differences in citation impact among internationally co-authored papers.	1
Although previous studies have researched the APC of journals (Bj?rk & Solomon, 2014; Cleusa & Barbosa, 2018; Kim & Park, 2020), few studies have analyzed the APC income of gold and hybrid journals in combination and in relation to different OA policies among countries.	1
However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.	0
In short, we argue that despite the muddled representations of open access discourses in the South African research terrain, researchers should firmly engage with the specificities of open-access publishing through both journals and repository deposit.	1
We believe there are ways to further enhance the process and propose several recommendations to the orthopaedic research community and specific proposed actions on part of Foot & Ankle International that may enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the peer-review process:	1
A novel method called 'word cluster analysis' has revealed that hotspot analysis is one of the emerging techniques, tools and strategies used to respond to, improve, and protect deteriorating ecosystems during land use.	1
The number shown in parentheses indicates the number of papers found for each document type.	0
3 a The result of ranking scholars, b Similarity of the scholars to Image Processing	0
This paper is the first analysis of Spanish and Portuguese dissertations conducted at Rutgers University and provides important contextual information for meeting the research needs of graduate students in the department through collection development and related services.	1
This article proposes the use of the evolutionary approach of the economics of innovation and the Social Network Analysis (SNA) as a measure to understand and compare the different Innovations Systems based on lignocellulosic ethanol.	1
Here, we describe Co-citation Percentile Rank (CPR), a metric that relates the current citation rate of the target output to the distribution of current citation rates of outputs in its	1
For the results depicted in the main text, we report the scenario where frequency and exclusivity are equally balanced at K = 500.	0
However, as the case study reported in this paper demonstrates, the growing availability of data relating to use and engagement from a range of sources has the potential to support strategic decision-making by small OA monograph publishers.	1
The partnerships between FSHS and the libraries to provide open access of agricultural research furthers the missions of both organizations, with benefits extending to both global researchers and the public.	1
This procedure is subject to many potential errors in the identification of authors.	0
In Section 2.3 we present our second main result, showing that the relative citation impact of these researchers tends, on average, to decrease with each subsequent publication.	1
The “other” category is composed of seven minor career development programs.	0
It is important to emphasize that, unlike previous studies that focus on a limited number of journals, our observation is based on the complete EconLit database.	1
It has allowed for the identification of the relevant characteristics of the worldwide research on GHGE, among them, the evolution of the research on the subject, the journals of publication and its impact, the geographical distribution, the main topics of research, and the assigned funding.	1
Comments similar to those below are also present in several of the 48 reports.	0
It is the intention of the study to introduce an advanced method (or indicator) for identifying landmark papers.	1
All types of documents covered by these databases were included in the study in order to facilitate the visibility of small regions.	0
Building on the distinction between teamwork and taskwork processes in scientific collaboration (Fiore, 2008), our study contributes to the team science literature by applying this distinction to team coaching.	1
This research was supported by WCU (World Class University) program through the National Research Foundation of Korea funded by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology (No.	0
The authors would like to thanks to anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments.	0
In accordance with Arthroscopy submission guidelines, the contributions and roles warranting authorship are detailed below in accordance with ICMJE criteria:	0
Received: 7 September 2021 / Accepted: 4 February 2022 / Published online: 2 March 2022	0
We abstained from including the commands for producing the other maps in this article, because the procedure is very similar.	0
When a journal receives a duplicate publication, the ability to identify the submitted work as previously published, and reject it, is an assay to publication ethics best practices.	1
The large majority of journals were in English, two in Italian, one in French, and one was a Polish journal.	0
First, this study contributes to network theory by extending the concept of team size to the second-degree network.	1
Methodologically, this study can serve as an example of how to conduct analyses related to public health issues by combining informetric methods and data with the tools and data from other fields, thereby inspiring other scientometrics studies.	1
The following Research Productivity Index (RPI) developed, helped in obtaining the composite productivity values of the respondents under study.	1
We revealed that publishers can also exert meaningful influence over JIF-inflation behaviors, as well as the content of published science.	1
The main objective of this paper is a comprehensive ablation study that investigates the appropriateness of the CSRankings ranking formula for computer science doctoral programs.	1
2 By including the scientific non-patent references, this issue can at least partly be addressed.	0
The Emerald Research Register for this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/researchregister	0
2 These four types of HEIs are often discussed in academic research though there are other types of HEIs such as online institutions (15 institutions), technical institution (one institution), and others (four institutions) in Korea.	0
This study found that the trend toward OA publishing in the fields of radiology and nuclear medicine has slowed in recent years, although the percent cited (i.e., the proportion of documents that receive at least one citation) is higher for OA journals.	1
We offer suggestions for authors, consumers of research, and reviewers and editors on how to understand, minimize, detect, and deter detrimental forms of HARKing in future research.	1
We have developed a principled and extensible approach for identifying leader papers of emerging topics by combining the topic model and prediction models.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
Specifically, the table was constructed by applying the classification of authorship types to Zimbabwe's article output	0
To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first of its kind to obtain initial data regarding the publication and citation productivity of MEA countries in the tobacco field in the Scopus database, a database that is being used to evaluate the performance of institutes and their members.	1
1 Evolution of scientific research in the field of cocaine toxicity	0
This table shows the 45 journals in our analysis and their JCR journal quality metrics.	0
However, modeling author-topic-word relations in TRS has not been attempted.	1
The study identified current research trends in remote sensing for sustainable urban development based on the analysis of 6820 articles published between 2016 and 2023.	1
The new citation network construction approach can provide a highly comprehensive and real mapping of academic circles, and can effectively identify numerous knowledge-associated paths for scholars in respective fields.	1
Thanks go to an anonymous reviewer who made constructive observations about current trends in the electronic network environment.	0
This paper offers a comprehensive review of the literature on the issue and its management.	1
As patent filing is sometimes driven by motives other than seeking protection or the actual granting of a patent, incorporating all patents, including applications, into a corpus for analysis might result in a less perfect representation of innovation.	0
His research interests lie primarily in the area of product innovation management.	0
A p-value of less than 0.05 was viewed to indicate statistical significance.	0
This article has some contributions to the PR field: First, it is the first time to analyse the development status of the PR field objectively by constructing a citation network.	1
Our result shows that Aureka and CiteSpace are two promising visualization approaches to analyze patents and papers in any given field.	1
He is a Distinguished Member of AIS and also a member of the International Federation of Automation and Control (IFAC) Engineering Technical Committee for International Stability and Technology (SWIIS TC9.5).	0
(2009), Free Statistics Software, Office for Research Development and Education, v.	0
We rank all these names by their total citation counts by each method.	0
The dataset includes a total of 193 Nobel laureates in Physics from 1902 to 2016.	0
John Coll is Head of the Scottish Science Library which includes the Scottish Business Information Service.	0
I would like to thank Editage (www.editage.com) for English language editing.	0
This is the most comprehensive quantitative study in examining the epistemic borders between IM and KM in the LIS research.	1
I thank Grahame Jackson for carrying out the computer search and Hans Knichala for preparation of the tables.	0
1Department of Family Medicine, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, State University of New York at Buffalo, Buffalo, NY	0
Because a strong positive correlation was found between click-through statistics and vendor COUNTER SFTARs, librarians can at least in the near term use the link-resolver statistics as one tool to assist in cancellation and retention decisions and journal collection evaluation, especially to identify high-use titles that do not need further evaluation.	1
The authors extend their gratitude for the support received during the postdoctoral stay for strengthening vocations and training in Science, Technology, and Innovation for economic reactivation in the post-pandemic context.	0
we properly formalize the concept of phylomemy as distinct from the concept of phylomemetic networks,	1
Female cardiologists had a better publication success than males concerning high rank peer reviewed publications.	1
In this paper, Lotka's original data is examined, and the discrete power law is compared to a discrete power law with exponential cutoff via a log likelihood ratio test.	1
Finally, ?∈ [0,1] is resolution coefficient, generally based on the principle of minimum information is taken as 0.5, ie = 0.5.	0
These results in the Chilean case contradict some of the statements made under the idea of cognitive dependence, allowing us to criticize the generalizations made about it and could further discussion of this notion.	1
The yellow asterisks, which display the median number of citations per paper, show much greater uniformity between continents.	0
We are able to answer these questions thanks to a new match between two unique datasets.	1
The questionnaire included questions about the journal (e.g., year of founding, the year of application of the Diamond OA model, journal ownership), questions about financial support (funding), division of labor in the editorial offices, distinction between paid and unpaid tasks, possible cooperating partners and the technical infrastructure (e.g., editorial management system, journal platforms) used by the journal.	0
This is partly due to historical links with the Commonwealth, and is probably reinforced by page charging in the USA.	0
This analysis seems to evidence that the level of inbreeding is influenced, not only by the period of existence of the scientific areas, but also by the academic cultures framing them.	1
In all cases, an h-index calculation was only included in the analysis once the relevant researcher confirmed his or her publication list.	0
However, little is hitherto known about the effects of the internationalization incentives at the level of specific national scientific communities.	1
Venture philanthropy presents a new model of research funding that is particularly helpful to those fighting orphan diseases, which actively manages the commercialization process to accelerate scientific progress and material outcomes.	1
En cambio, las investigaciones de estudios métricos de la información de alcance altmétrico a partir de publicaciones científicas de procedencia peruana son escasas o de reciente interés (Vílchez-Román, Huamán-Delgado y Alhuay-Quispe, 2021).	1
This article has been accepted for inclusion in a future issue of this journal.	0
We then test our propositions by using patent publication pairs (PPPs).	1
The results were generally in accordance with the historical overviews of science historians.	0
Before discussing a number of concrete but rather unexpected changes, I want to start with a general observation from which, at least in my view, these all seem to follow.	0
Most of what we can know we cannot know through experiencing it.	0
Received 18 October 2016; Received in revised form 27 July 2017; Accepted 24 August 2017	0
This study clarifies the relationship between collaboration and research impact, adding to our understanding of how citations accumulate.	1
Hyelin Park: For- mal analysis, Data curation, Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – original draft.	0
Harnad is Canada Research Chair in Cognitive Science, Université du Québec à Montréal, Québec, Canada, and Professor of Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton, UK; e-mail: harnad@uaqam.ca.	0
Data in Figure 1 are derived from USPTO statistics, whereas data in Figure 2 are retrieved from web-version of USPTO database.)	0
I want to thank Wouter van Rossum and Huub Stoffers for stimulating discussions, and I am grateful to Gene Moore for correcting my English.	0
Further to Dr Gil Viry, University of Edinburgh, for providing valuable instruction in the area of social network analysis.	0
In view of increasing academic mobility within and beyond the region as well as mainland China and Hong Kong's status as major suppliers of outbound international students, a study that offers a better understanding of how plagiarism is perceived and problematized in these two contexts can help host institutions cognize how plagiarism-related perceptions and practices of international students may have been shaped by their prior educational experiences, understand their adaptation experiences, and facilitate their academic acculturation (Vyas and Yu 2018) by actively responding to these students' needs in culturally meaningful ways (Parnther 2022).	1
The analysis in this paper fills this gap.	1
Bucket Boys in Darling Square Sydney for supplying the amber liquid to facilitate the final stage of writing this manuscript whilst emotionally processing the results of the last funding round.	0
Some studies have used the FFa score and found a good correlation between this measure and citation-related metrics (Bornmann and Leydesdorff, 2012; Li and Thelwall 2012) but this research examines the post-publishing peer review system from a new perspective.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s11625-020-00860-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
He noted that the manuscript was "messily written" and "lacked data."	0
This research is supported by the National Social Science Fund of China (17BGL089).	0
subjective norm of article sharing) and disciplinary norm (i.e.	1
Does not include RCN articles published from 2001–2005 or papers explicitly funded by the RCN program published in years 2006–2008.	0
Study carried out at Faculdade de Ciências Médicas da Universidade Estadual de Campinas, Campinas, SP, Brazil.	0
Certain data included in this paper are derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), the Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI), and the Index to Social Sciences & Humanities Proceedings (ISSHP) (all updated June 2010) prepared by Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Inc.	0
made, no doubt, one feel a sense of awe, his friendly disposition made one feel at home in his presence.	0
For the syntax rules of search queries, see the Web of Science Core Collection Help: http://images.webofknowledge.com/WOKRS5251R3/help/WOS/hp_search.html).	0
Note: This table discloses the procedure adopted to arrive at the final corpus of articles for review.	0
While Tight (2014) used one year of data and Johnson et al. (2016) five, this study builds on their work, employing 12 years of data and comparing data across years to identify trends over time.	1
Only 4 examples have been presented in the present investigation, but in my opinion this is sufficient to raise doubts concerning the idea that the h-index can be used to predict future scientific achievements.	1
*N/A where Mann-Whitney rank sum tests were used to compare medians between the subgroups.	0
Perc thanks Matej Horvat from Hermes SofLab for illuminating lessons on socket programming and automated information retrieval from the Internet.	0
We searched for individual articles with Google Scholar using a public Internet portal to discover the OA situation of articles regardless of the OA status of the journal so as to provide a measure for the relationship between citations and the OA status of individual articles.	1
To date limited studies have examined the citations of articles published in predatory journals, and none appear to have been done in nursing.	1
Two large laboratory rooms were made available to us and all the space was used for spreading out our collections.	0
2013) we have developed a preliminary model of credit sharing determinants, presented in Fig.	1
This article provides an objective assessment of the impact of published books in political science, counting the citations books receive in peer-reviewed articles and in other books.	1
As Large (1983) has pointed out, the foreign language barrier is probably among the largest impediments to the free flow and transfer of information, along with illiteracy, censorship, volume and physical availability.	0
An additional output (not reported in this article) was the set of recommendations for Skills for Care on enhancing the impact of NMDS-SC.	0
Source: Own calculations based on InCites WoS (2021) and World Bank data (2021)	0
In this article, we propose the institution Q model (IQ) and its two variants (IQ-2 and IQ-3), which aim to evaluate the individual-level research ability to publish high-quality scientific papers.	1
We thank the reviewers of this manuscript, who have contributed to this article through their insightful feedback and suggestions.	0
Despite the importance of identifying entities liable for retractions, only a few studies (e.g., Grieneisen & Zhang, 2012; van Leeuwen & Luwel, 2014) included accountable entities other than authors of retracted publications.	1
W. Melville in the preparation of a brief history of the DSIR,57 but otherwise had no published work.	0
We would like to thank Jan Schubach and Matthias Buechel for developing the HTML version of the questionnaire.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
In view of this situation, this study used the Borda count, which is commonly used in voting events, to develop a new index – the Standardized Average Index (SA index).	1
The results demonstrate that the visibility of German education in international journals is not as bad as is often assumed.	1
We not only offer an overview of the research carried out in this context, but we also study dissimilarities with non-networking centres and differences between disciplines.	1
However, there are very few studies of revealed misconduct in MBE journals, very limited data on how editors experience the problems of misconduct and marginality, or which practices they develop to deal with these problems.	1
The views expressed in this paper are those of the authors and not those of any government agency.	0
(The URLs may need to be copied and pasted into a browser.)	0
Further strategies are recommended in order to increase the international visibility of the research output in the humanities and social sciences.	1
Original papers with wrongly identified nucleotide sequences were therefore unexpectedly frequent in two high-impact-factor cancer research journals, highlighting the risks of employing journal impact factors or citations as proxies for research quality.	1
1Department of Management of Complex Systems, Ernest and Julio Gallo Management Program,	0
Concerns have been expressed 'that the physician-researcher is a dying breed'.	1
The exact descriptive results from any of the analyses relevant to these research questions can be obtained upon request.	0
Now more than ever, objective performance benchmarks are vital to institutional survival and success.	0
This article specifically highlights some economics and finance journals that have particularly high rank SD across the 10 PoP metrics.	1
the concentration of some social media metrics, such as blogs, news items, etc., around multidisciplinary journals) are identified.	1
Similar trends affected the correlations between citations and the statistics of electronic usage.	0
The paper is organized as follows: in the next section we analyze the inventory effect of the literature publishing process.	0
Submission of handwritten manuscripts largely has been replaced by an electronic submission process.	0
This paper utilizes bibliometric methods to provide an overview of the developments in the topic based on scholarly publications.	1
There are several strengths unique to this study compared with those done previously that address the h-index in academic medicine.	1
In the following sections, we analyze whether cooperation is associated with research performance.	0
We propose and discuss the need to develop more detailed guidelines on how to acknowledge funding.	1
Note: Ns varied from 177 to 332 depending on the variables paired (e.g., only a subset of articles was followed for 10 years).	0
The present study is the first to identify, rank and characterise the T100 articles in the field of AKI.	1
To the best of the author's knowledge, this study is the first to analyze citation characteristics across the entire field of computer systems research, and the first to cover the four research areas in one analysis.	1
We proposed a novel method that overcomes this issue.	1
Downloaded from nejm.org at SAN DIEGO (UCSD) on June 29, 2016.	0
Note that there appears a slight performance improvement for the narrow-win group in the second five-year period, but the difference is not statistically significant (x2-test p-value > 0.1, odds ratio = 1.05).	0
Each point in the map is colored in relation to the density of the items at that point.	0
If we control for this bias, we find that the correlation between assessor scores and between assessor score and the number of citations is weak, suggesting that scientists have little ability to judge either the intrinsic merit of a paper or its likely impact.	1
This comprehensive review highlights how critical it is to hinder predatory publishing practices and implement changes in academic publishing policies at Pakistani universities.	1
Figure 7: Times cited distributions of 12,706 and 5,874 books in the Book Citation Indices SSH and Science edition, respectively (on April 2, 2012).	0
Rather, I merely provide information that readers may find useful when attempting to forecast the citations impact of a newly published article (Lane, 2010).	1
The country co-authorship network map with 32 nodes and 4 clusters, the bigger nodes represented the more influential countries in this field.	0
Finally, analyzing linguistic characteristics of the citing literature confirms the own-language preference in non-English physics and chemistry journals.	1
* Based on a presentation at MLA '06, the 106th Annual Meeting of the Medical Library Association; Phoenix, AZ; May 21, 2006.	0
The aforesaid questions seek insights that are not only of considerable general interest, but also of particular import to researchers in various academic disciplines in understanding the patterns of scientific productivity and their implications.	0
This article addresses this knowledge gap by combining the two research streams on motivation and performance in the field of knowledge valorisation.	1
We believe that our results from this study can contribute useful factual information to an ongoing debate about how to evaluate—from a more normative perspective—the increased importance of self-promotion and an online presence in the academy.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Citation: Giraudeau B, Leyrat C, Le Gouge A, Léger J, Caille A (2011) Peer Review of Grant Applications: A Simple Method to Identify Proposals with Discordant Reviews.	0
The three h indices for each department, along with relative rankings based on the respective indices, are shown in Table 3.	0
What is still a research desideratum is an in-depth description of researchers' personal estimations on the h-index and an analysis of possible differences concerning researchers' generation, their gender, and the discipline.	1
S. Ananthasekar: Writing, data analysis, and approval of the final version for submission.	0
This is precisely what we did in the research reported in this paper.	1
Access provided at 10 Jan 2020 20:43 GMT from Tulane University	0
Though these studies have analysed the research collaboration in South Asia for different periods and in different respects, there is a need for a fresh and up to date analytical study due to various reasons.	1
1 Percentage of cited articles for OA by FA and collaboration	0
Data analysis was carried out with the statistical packages Stata (version 15.2) for the SEM analyses (following the guidance of/procedure described by (Acock 2013), and SPSS (version 25) for the descriptive statistics.	0
The authors would like to thank the editor and two anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments.	0
Although scientific contribution does not entirely represent research performance in terms of numbers of publications and citations received, the present study addresses the gap between scientific contribution and research performance, which few other empirical studies have done.	1
The ultimate goal of this effort is a set of indices which would reveal the strengths and weaknesses of U.S.	0
In this article we analyse the data from a survey about researchers' use of 107 online actions that underlie potential altmetrics to discover whether certain types of altmetrics (1) better reflect the judgments of researchers from certain career stages and (2) more reliably capture positive judgments than others.	1
IRRODL publishes field notes, book reviews, technical reviews and editorials that are not peer reviewed but are included in only the second row of Table 1.	0
Instead, we think that it would be more correct to value a citation in function of the impact of the citing article, rather than the journal (it is the greater number of citations which C would presumably receive that reflects the differential impact, rather than the prestige of the journal in which it is published).	1
Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS), that reveals the most important historical publications of a specific research field based on the analysis of the publication years of the references cited in the relevant literature.	1
The study brings attention to the observation that not only individual disciplines but also disciplinary communi-ties are marked by differences in missions, cultures, and research orientations (Akbaritabar et al., 2018).	1
Most of the studies, however, have focused on the comparison of altemetric indicators with traditional citation metrics and few have explored the factors influencing altmetric performance.	1
For those unwilling to trust their intuition I demonstrate the same point with a simple example and then a simple model.	0
Numbers in parentheses are the number of unique editors in each category.	0
“Previous work” Sect provides an overview of existing research in the field.	0
This study provided a novel dimension (i.e., the reference dimension) for the research community and could be applied to other related research tasks, such as the research assessment for translational programs.	1
To our knowledge, no study has empirically demonstrated this advantage of HDP in practice.	1
To follow up on these findings in this work we wish to verify if the universities that place highest in national rankings also succeed in placing at the top of the productivity rankings for the single disciplines in which they operate.	1
With such a rich and diversified literature, it is worthwhile to conduct a bibliometric study that examines the top 100 most-cited articles within the research field of ethnopharmacology.	1
The Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology published by Galenos Publishing House.	0
This figure is out of the 232 different projects awarded grants included in this analysis.	0
We did not include normalized rankings in the current study, although we did in fact experiment with some.	0
The editors and publishers can use these findings to attract the best manuscripts as the study reveals the author's perception of the journal's status.	0
The exploratory typology of co-authorship styles presented in our paper can be helpful in the understanding of researchers' collaboration practices.	1
Review articles are ineligible for the REF and so are not included.	0
For continuity, the same color scheme is used for stratification of income groups in all figures.	0
Whatever the limitations of the approach, and these have been exhaustively rehearsed in the literature (e.g., Anderson, 1991; Cronin, 1984; MacRoberts & MacRoberts, 1987; Seglen, 1992; Taubes, 1993), there is much to be said for trying to complement peer judgment and productivity counts (e.g., number of papers published per scientist/researcher) with objective measures of scholarly impact (i.e., the extent to which an individual's work is cited in the mainstream literature).	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that addresses this issue, with the only exception of a paper written by Abramo, D'Angelo, and Rosati (2016), which adopts a similar territorial perspective, but differs from our study in terms of dataset, methodology and research performance indicators used.	1
*Correspondence: Jason Priem, School of Information and Library Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 100 Manning Hall, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3360, USA.	0
Conditional random fields (CRF) model is introduced to annotate the logical relationship between syntactic structure and vocabularies in linguistic patterns.	1
We used a state-of-the-art unique procedure for gathering the articles of the NSERC funded researchers that will be explained in detail in the section “Data and Methodology”.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2018 9	0
The reasoning and the findings presented below do not aim to question the validity of the motivations proposed to date.	1
countries were India, Zambia, Malaysia, Egypt, Australia, Canada, Pakistan and France.	0
SI Appendix, Section II presents the regression specifications, BIC, VIF, and cross-validation statistics, and robustness checks.	0
This is the first study to compare bibliometric data for Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery units in the UK and Ireland, demonstrating a number of units have consistently produced high levels of academic output over the past few decades.	1
b College of Medicine and Health Sciences, United Arab Emirates University, Al Ain, United Arab Emirates	0
In the era of the Internet, authors should save copies of their cited Internet pages and provide them to editors to protect against future questions about the reliability of their research (Dimitrova & Bugeja, 2009).	0
Major frameworks for evaluating STI which have been developed by aforementioned organizations are presented below.	0
In this paper, we take Nature as a case study to present a new method for calculating and analyzing the structure of the Impact Factor (IF) using the Web of Science (WoS) database and the definition of IF.	1
There is limited research available identifying high-quality publishing in pharmacy and the implications for community pharmacists.	1
While the terminal degree data served well for determining the faculty intellectual training, we extended Wiggins and Sawyer's (2012) methodology by collecting data on the current research interests of faculty beyond their original training.	1
Plots showing average results over different search times corresponding to different categories of a second variable.	0
No prior study seems to have investigated the relationship between average citations for authors and the citedness or journal impact of a particular article, with most career-level analyses analysing instead total citations or the h-index.	1
1 Open access journals coverage by country (the data update as of April 20, 2019)	0
Our study shows that a very different landscape would have emerged in the UK if REF 2014 had been entirely and simplistically based on the automated departmental h-index.	1
The strength of the present study is that it used the individual data of the national census; therefore, the sample size was large and the capture rate was high.	1
Comparison of actual and predicted link weights (training network: 2005, test network: 2012).	0
However, our goal of this paper is to present original analytical methods for combining MEDLINE and scientific profile data to identify author characteristics associated with high-impact journal publications.	1
80th Annual Meeting of the Association for Information Science & Technology, Washington, DC, VA | Oct.	0
The present position of MR does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study that intends to evaluate the success of the COE program by analyzing its effects on the publication-related achievements of its recipients.	1
This can provide valuable opportunities in expanding collaborative networks to impart global perspectives into teaching, learning, and research development.	1
Moreover, the Italian evaluation of research (named VQR) provides an experimental environment to compare peer review and bibliometric evaluation, a key issue considering existing concerns about possible sources of discrimination against women in the evaluation process.	1
Biographies: Yuanjie Wang, PhD, Engineer, research interests: agricultural informatization, open access publishing, Email: wangyuanjie@caas.cn;	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study to identify the 100 most cited papers on clinical HSCT.	1
[25], we differentiated the distinctness between brokered research collaborations and voluntary ones, which could be of great use to researchers seeking collaborative partners in the future.	1
The next step in the analyses was to, in the same model, introduce the explanatory factors of the time devoted to different job tasks (research time, teaching and clinical work) assessed in the 2009 employee survey.	0
Note: The p values of R, are at greater than the.	0
Values are given in UK pounds (￡) and have been rounded to the nearest pound.	0
Competing Interests: The authors declare that they have no competing interests.	0
I also convinced APA to approve a new category of reviewer.	1
*The first three variables are significant beyond the .003 level and the next two variables are significant at the .05 level.	0
Open access has many connotations in the biomedical publishing world, but the general interpretation is that an article should be freely accessible to the reader with no subscription charge.	0
As a second contribution, we expand on whether—in the publication domain—researchers receive attention as collaborators directly (co-publication), or rather through the uptake of their ideas in the scientific discourse (citation).	1
As a consequence, the way to further research in this area is closed.	0
In doing so, we highlight that such weighting schemes play an important role in finding a balance between fields of research.	1
Again, it is important to point out the small effect sizes between the two samples.	0
This paper makes key contributions to the existing literature.	1
1 Student enrolment in winter semesters, (Führ and Furck 1998, 652).	0
In the figure, the bigger the word, the more frequent it appears.	0
Table 1 provides an overview of the variables under study and descriptive statistics.	0
Our work extends the application space of the PVARX model, which has never been applied in the context of research performance before.	1
The third section presents the general trends in publication productivity in the four universities.	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
3 Of 400 institutional repositories listed in the January 2010 Web Ranking of World Repositories, 130 came from the American continent, 193 Europe, 48 Asia, 23 Australia and 6 Africa.	0
Merely to do the research and then put your findings in a desk drawer is no better than not doing the research at all.	0
Received November 26, 2004; revised June 5, 2005; accepted June 6, 2005	0
At the moment, a classic method to evaluate the impact of a research output is based on the number of citations for an article.	0
The methods and techniques developed within the NewQis- project are suitable for scientometric examinations.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:404400 []	0
The ultimate matrix with integrated p-values can be used for clustering	0
This manuscript introduces a method for assessing relationships that relies on the extraction of the relative research backbone network [22].	1
However, it is not only a question of relationships that distinguishes scientometrics from other metrics fields but also its weak roots in mathematical statistics.	1
As a result, majority of studies have been done using patent bibliometric methods.	0
The novelty of this study is that we applied a unique approach to validate the data collected for our machine learning experiments and were able to assign multiple sub-disciplinary categories to a single article.	1
Contents | Author index | Subject index | Search | Home	0
Although, Carol Tenopir has written on ROI in libraries who support the grant writing process, this study is the first to gather and analyze citations from NIH and NSF grants at a major research university.	1
The results are shown in Table 4 and a summary in Table 5.	0
To our knowledge, the present study is the first to investigate the association between study funding and the citation rate in the field of radiology.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first scientometric analysis of floristic and phytosociological studies for a Brazilian biome.	1
This study provides more insights into the effect of research funding policies on research topics by answering the research questions as follows:	1
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.	0
Note: Two (2) notes and four (4) retracted articles were excluded.	0
However, this is not where the story ends because it can be argued that it is unreasonable to expect different ranking institutions to have the same number of journals in each rank.	0
This study shows that it is possible to gain valuable insights into the uses of OA books by collating and analysing usage and social media data.	1
We present a method to conduct repeated OWSA	1
The present study is the first comprehensive scientific evaluation of the South Asian research output on diabetes mellitus.	1
The research findings not only provide a new perspective for studying network structures in social media but also contribute to further advancing social network theory.	1
This study has demonstrated the moderating role of different levels of research variety and their impacts on the curvilinear relationship between team size and research performance, advancing the literature toward collaboration strategies in team building.	1
The comparison of 2010, 2012, 2015, and 2018 data collections reveals an overall improvement in performance for most universities.	1
The text files were merged using the cat command function in Mac OS (10.10.5).	0
For example, secondary CiteScore (SSC), secondary impact factor (SIF), secondary Hirsch index (Sh-index) may be used to differentiate between the previously published papers and the abstracts (Table 1).	1
FIGURE 1 Proportion of pediatric hematology-oncology (PHO) clinical full-time equivalents (FTEs) composed of physicians and advanced practice providers (APPs) from 2012 to 2015 ASPHO Directors' Workforce Survey	0
These figures total more than 2,640 because many authors published in more than one of the subperiods.	0
In this article we attempt to provide some additional evidence by examining both patterns of collaboration at country and continental levels and the scientific disciplines emphasised.	1
The authors declare that there is no conflict of interests regarding the publication of this paper.	0
However, few studies have proposed interdisciplinary metrics without previously defining classification sets, and no one has used the co-citation network for this purpose.	1
(2016) for a complete review of the literature on this topic.	0
Last, we conclude and present possible future directions in this area.	0
In the table, each exact CC is the middle value of an interval extending 0.5 either side.	0
Unlike most other citation-based-indicators it equalizes the chances of young scientists (vs.	1
The findings and results are solely the responsibility of the authors.	0
Based on a national survey of more than 7,000 Chinese scientists, this paper uncovers two key mechanisms, namely, communicative influence and resource acquisition through which social networks impact scientific performance in China.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ciai20	0
Our strategy is to exploit variation in university research spending due to the impact of stock market shocks on university endowment values.	1
Published by the Royal Society under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/, which permits unrestricted use, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The number of papers belonging to a specific research topic and the size of each research topic are written next to its respective topic.	0
808 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—April 2014	0
In this article, we have presented the results of the largest and most rigorous analysis of journal article commenting to date.	1
Growth in American nanoscience publications indexed in Web of Science, 1999-2009.	0
Received August 31, 2011; revised August 31, 2011; accepted August 31, 2011	0
This study's aimed to conduct a comprehensive bibliometric outlook on the output, impact, and structure of the research on innovation for sustainability in the iS-GS.	1
Therefore, our primary goal is to use the implicit textual features of scientific publications to classify them into pre-established discipline-specific categories.	1
Abbreviations: ABS, Agricultural and Biological Sciences; AAH, Arts and Humanities; BGM, Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology; BMA, Business, Management and Accounting; CHE, Chemical Engineering; CHM, Chemistry; CSC, Computer Science; EPS, Earth and Planetary Sciences; EEF, Economics, Econometrics and Finance; ENE, Energy; ENG, Engineering; ENV, Environmental Science; HEP, Health Professions; IAM, Immunology and Microbiology; MAT, Materials Science; MED, Medicine; MULT, Multidisciplinary; NEU, Neuroscience; NUR, Nursing; PTP, Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics; PHA, Physics and Astronomy; PSY, Psychology; SOS, Social Sciences.	0
Lastly, we find two kinds of metrics of online impact.	1
Comparison of the peak scientific achievements may be more telling than tails analysis involved in the calculation of averages.	0
Romanovsky (2012) Revised h index for biomedical research, Cell Cycle, 11:22, 4118-4121, DOI: 10.4161/cc.22179	0
This paper is a unique collection of the bibliometric study and recent development in the field of "fuzzy techniques in big data".	1
We contribute to the understanding of country-level scientific collaboration by highlighting the role of similarities and differences in the macro-environment that may encourage or discourage international scientific collaborations.	1
Author Contributions: Peng Wang designed this research and collected the data set for the experiment.	0
(with Guillaume, Lambiotte, Lefebvre), Clauset, Moore on large and complex networks, community detection and clustering.	0
As with our analysis of extramural citation rates by discipline, the first step in an investigation of citations to fields is classification.	0
Note that project numbers in this paper are all counted based on the principal investigators.	0
By conducting a bibliometric analysis that encompasses the period from 2017 to 2021, we aim to achieve a comprehensive understanding of the current dynamics of knowledge production.	1
In this fractional scoring scheme, the publications at the border between two different PR classes are shared between the respective PR classes and attributed fractional weights corresponding to their shares.	1
This methodology enables us to identify different interdisciplinary strategies, particularly during the stages of knowledge integration and dissemination.	1
Let us just focus on the practicality of the model developed in this section.	0
Therefore, we present in this study an extension of RPYS for the compilation of the publication set to be analyzed including the references cited therein (RPYS-CO).	1
The following evaluations are intended to present the more precise details for before and after the transformation, as well as for the two different journal parts.	0
These findings provide clarity on the opportunities of new scholars entering the academic community, with implications for academic policymaking.	1
Weighted citation network (SPC weighted) thus obtained is shown in Fig.	0
Distribution of Elsevier tools and resources across the research cycle, from research question to employment.	0
The method proposed in this paper will allow us to propose a new dataset with the semantic annotations coming from the produced linguistic resources.	1
First, our research design employed a strategy that defines elite scientists not by the outcome variable of interest as in other studies [28, 29], but by their recognized standing in their fields as evidenced by their appointments.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 2014 193	0
Last, we relied on a WFC author credit allocation procedure to examine coauthorship trends in communication—this is a novel approach in communication as this field has simply relied on full counting metrics (e.g., Atkin et al. 2020).	1
Our research provides an insight on emerging trends in rTMS for depression and highlights the characteristics, quality and dynamics of frequently cited articles in the field.	1
This article also provides much-needed understanding on government assistance for resource-constrained university research teams in developing countries such as China.	1
In both cases, there are 20-25 unique competitions of either type available at any given time, although it is always the same group of open competitions, which are organized according to the NIH's Institutes.	0
Student in the Industrial Engineering Department at Penn State University, University Park, PA.	0
We will often use such easy consequences of C1, without detailing them in the sequel.	0
What emerges here is a novel feature neglected by most previous studies, which explicitly points to the social context as a factor determining individual choices.	1
The aim of this paper is to make a review of new Russian scientometrics landscape and to explain the reasons why it has changed.	1
Please note that the only and key contribution of this work is turning from the individual-based comparison in Eq.	1
In other words, if a node’s current degree is higher, its influence decay rate will be lower, increasing the probability of attracting new links.	0
Second, the list of journal titles used to gather citations represents all five areas within the discipline.	1
(2010b) for the analysis of durability of scientific publications introduced a flexible tool for the analysis of the aging of publications.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
In assembled products, a dominant design emphasis is placed on incremental product improvement and product variation at the transitional phase.	0
A comprehensive evaluation of academic contributions to EM can be achieved only when non-EM journals are included in the analysis.	1
NOC and H-index of the first author correlated with AAS in the plastic surgery literature, suggesting AAS may be a useful adjunct to traditional bibliometrics when evaluating the impact and reach of peer-reviewed articles.	1
Our paper is the first to study collaboration effects by looking at both earnings and innovation outcomes.	1
So what precisely does this typology mean for scholarly journal publishing in the twenty-first century?	0
(This top five list is the same as last year, except for changes of position.)	0
As to the first item, Table 6 gives an overview of the rating indexes of large universities participating in the VTR.	0
This is the first study which has explored in detail the historical and cross-sectional trends of bibliometric measures of research producers, products and consumption for original articles published in these journals.	1
In this case the difference between g and √S is more pronounced as already suspected by De Visscher (2011).	1
We cannot judge if other workers coauthored all works from their laboratories, or if the respondents simply ignored works that they did not coauthor in composing their curricula.	0
We analyze the collaboration network from a smaller, more topically focused academic subfield than typically considered.	1
A simplified conceptual model of cognitive relatedness of publications and topics to Big Data research.	0
However, to my knowledge, no study has analyzed a journal citation network of TM.	1
First, it exposes a significant methodological question about the best way to measure productivity of departments, graduate programs, and individual scholars.	1
2011 ASIS&T Published online 23 May 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The hypothesis of not using factor analysis was rejected, indicating that factor analysis was applicable.	0
The cocitation matrix will be furnished upon request through email (C047BUM@SEMOVM.SEMO.EDU).	0
Lastly, this research would also help uncover any potentially predatory journals with non-normal publishing costs.	1
This report is the first detailed effort to examine the nature of health research funding available to institutions across the country, what it is spent on, and the sources of funding.	1
With formula separation, the credit of the second author shows an inflection point according to the change of a.	1
Our empirical investigation of institutionalising open access is a theme that, as far as we have found, is not covered in earlier studies.	1
The framework reflects not just the correlation between several artefacts, instead, it reveals as close as possible the causality between inputs and activities and subsequent outputs and tangible outcomes.	1
This study is intended to understand the publication characteristics of oxycodone research field and assess the quality of pertinent articles from 1998 to 2017.	1
These methods are commonly classified in bottom-up and top-down approaches (Wagner et al.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Subsequently, Seglen (1992) showed similar trends for citation distributions of journals, with only 15% of articles accounting for 50% of the citations.	0
The originality of the paper consists in the realization of structural models that highlight the most influential factors in the observance of ethics and integrity in economic research, but also of the relations between them, as well as the differences and similarities between PhD students and doctoral supervisors regarding their perception of ethics and integrity in research.	1
We also move beyond existing literature on rates of guest and ghost or that focus on individual-level predictors such as gender and seniority/eminence.	1
First, the characteristics of the spatial distribution of Chinese scientists at different development stages at an urban scale are systematically revealed.	1
A previous version of this paper, “Is There a Differentiated Gender Effect of Collaboration with Super-Cited authors?	0
We were thus able to identify those specific subgroups, in different larger groups, which are also related to each other—in terms of citing similar articles.	1
Both, esteem-indicators and bibliometric analysis proved to be useful in identifying research strengths, lead to similar results and are meant to be used together to complement each other.	1
In addition, we are developing citation metrics that take into account both the quantity and quality of citations, by using both the direct and indirect citations to a paper, using the Google PageRank algorithm, as has been used to analyse publications in Physics (Chen et al., 2007).	1
For example, it is hard to say that a scientist who published 20 medium-impact papers with 20 citations to each (h-index = 20) is better than someone having 10 high-impact papers with 200 citations to each (h-index = 10).	0
The comparative study of contributions made by practitioner authors in computer science, library science, and management helps LIS readers understand the differences in two fields strongly connected with library science.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 417532 []	0
On this note, I propose dominance index (DI) and dominance co-efficiency (DC) of a scientist or an author.	1
A list of all document types can be found on ISI websites.	0
For this case there is no significance to the vertical placement of the cited journal.	0
Correspondence: Inquiries to Jason Yuen, South West Neurosurgery Centre, Derriford Hospital, Plymouth, PL6 8DH United Kingdom; fax: 0845 155 8235; e-mail: jasonyuen1@gmail.com	0
University of Toronto Press, 2024 Journal of Scholarly Publishing October 2024	0
4 We thank an anonymous reviewer for suggesting this theoretical possibility.	0
This article utilised a uniquely structured, longitudinal data set to compare Kenyan agricultural scientists located at universities to their counterparts in research institutes in connection with their access and use of technological resources, professional activities and productivity.	1
However, none of these studies focused on international research collaboration among the G-20 countries and the benefits of such collaboration for productivity and citation impact.	1
Percent decreases in h-index and total citations after removal of self-citation by academic rank.	0
Consequently, profit is not a motivating factor for publishers to adopt e-publishing.	1
First, by undertaking detailed performance analysis we have demonstrated growth and advancement in the journal’s productivity and impact as well as its role in cultivating a collaborative network of global scholars.	1
Using the algorithm, we can construct the publication portfolios of all Italian professors over any period of time, and produce performance rankings by any bibliometric indicator at the individual level, on a national scale.	1
2016) but no study to date has analysed the relative performance of ML versus human classification of research into pre-existing schemes.	1
This paper introduces publication authorship as a complement to these established approaches.	1
Received March 7, 2008; Accepted May 21, 2008; Published July 2, 2008	0
Citations are one indicator that someone, usually another academic, has read your paper and found it to be useful (albeit not all citations are positive).	0
Article-level analysis of the citation impact of rewarded papers is still an area of scientometric research marked by deep knowledge gaps.	1
Three articles published in journals whose fees depend on the number of pages were excluded.	0
We also controlled for citations accumulating over time by fixing the data collection period at 3 years after the tweeting intervention, rather than recording data on a fixed date with differing amounts of time since the intervention.	1
Figure 3: Yearly Citation Distribution of HIB3-[Romans], their AW and ACs	0
Since the early 2000s, it has been customary for the editors of many journals to notify electronically their reviewers regarding the final disposition of each article that they review.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 44 times since 2006*	0
We end this section with a proposal for a framework for understanding the facets of institutionalisation at the institutional level, presented in Table 3.	1
Year paper was published % of the papers with one citation	0
Department of Gynaecology & Obstetrics, Vienna University Medical School, A-1090 Vienna, Austria (L Hefler email: lukas.hefler@akh-wien.ac.at); and Department of Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas	0
Blue bars denote number of papers by the team of smallest size, i.e., 2-author team, n_g(t) = 2, orange bars denote number of papers having at least 3 authors, n_g(t) ≥ 3, for the USA, England, and India.	0
The comparison of average (a) and median (b) of information entropy in citing sentences and abstracts.	0
This study was financially supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (24710160 and 16K01235), the Hoansha Foundation Fellowship, and the Inamori Foundation Fellowship.	0
We also delved into the patterns of article downloads aging over time and the main factors determining downloads, which may pave the way for further research on the correlations between different download patterns and citation pattern and provide theoretical foundations for the feasibility of using downloads as a complementary indicator for article influence evaluation.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
To make applying the h(15, 2, 1) and h(10, 3, 0.25) indexes as easy as possible, Table A3 reports the factors that an economist's index would be multiplied by in order to make his or her index comparable to that of someone 23 years post-PhD.	0
A primary contribution of the current study is its identification of a motivational profile for research scientists.	1
Further to what is known in the literature, the results of the study suggest that the differences in collaboration behavior between males and females do not concern TSs, in particular no differences occur in the propensity to collaborate at the international level.	1
As a function of the total number of errors detected (N=755)	0
Acknowledgements The author would like to convey her sincerest appreciation to Dr.	0
S: Specialist journals in the subfield; G: General journals; O: Journals covering other specialties.	0
Finally, and relatedly, we have offered some suggestions regarding specific areas, building on existing expertise while reflecting structural changes in the (increasingly globalised) broader financial environment.	1
However, no such study has investigated the impact of funding source and conflict of interests on citations.	1
Black area represents “yes” answers, blue area represents “sometimes” answers, and red area represents “no” answers.	0
The findings reported in this study could be used to provide a historical framework of the research conducted in this field and an evidence-based model on which future research can be built.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Despite these guidelines, we know little about how reviewers use this section, which leaves a crucial gap in understanding transparency and accountability in peer review.	1
The circle size in VOSviewer positively correlates with the keyword occurrence or countries in the title and abstract.	0
our study proposes a novel subject analysis method using cancer research as a case study to illustrate the process.	1
2019 Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
The project acronym is PromTech, and the project full title is "Identification and Assessment of Promising and Emerging Technological Fields in Europe".	0
As is known to all, the network ties in the patent document can be divided into undirected connections and directed connections.	0
We proposed a Bayesian model on the merging errors of coauthorship data.	1
The analysis has shown that the role of women academics in the German publication landscape has changed significantly over the past 15 years.	1
This study represents an attempt to fill this gap.	1
The reason for choosing the VOSviewer software tool to build and represent large networks form bibliometric data among other tools, like Gephi or Pajek (Van Eck and Waltman 2016), is the significant display quality, the choice of depicting the density of links and the possibility of generating overlay maps adding data batches.	0
Finally, the text similarity algorithm is used to construct the similarity judgment method of citation content, and combined the analysis of literature characteristic data, the discrimination method of citation motivation and citation context is constructed in this paper, which provides a new research paradigm for the existing quantitative research of citation motivation.	1
Acknowledgements The authors thank the anonymous reviewers for useful suggestions for improving this contribution.	0
Received: 18 August 2022 / Accepted: 7 April 2023 / Published online: 12 April 2023	0
This is a first order linear differential equation with variable coefficients.	0
Please note that when we use the concept "impact", we mean "academic impact", typically in the form of citations in academic journals.	0
Under "others” there were six citations in technical reports, 5 in books and book chapters, one from an inaugural lecture, and two other academic documents that were uploaded on the institutional repositories whose status could not be determined.	0
Product Development Department, LG Life Science, 58, Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 110-061, South Korea	0
Below we give a concise description of the content analytic methods and emphasize the longitudinal ones.	0
CT, computed tomography; MRI, magnetic resonance imaging; PET, positron emission tomography.	0
Further, this article offers specific ideas that can be applied to other settings in ways that benefit both individual researchers and the academic units that foster and track scholarly productivity.	1
This article looks at a case study from India and aims to characterize the participation of women in research, by analysing the parameters of institution-type, discipline, citation impact and international collaboration.	1
An alternative route was taken by employing Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) to identify underlying themes or topics in these publications.	1
Second, the adoption of social Web sources is effectively implemented from two aspects: the coverage of these sources and usefulness to be indicators for literature impact.	1
In “Evaluation experiments” section, the evaluation experiments based on the dataset retrieved from the ISI WoS are explained.	0
Finally, as this research presents a case study of publication data analyzed with general scientometric methods, and interpreted through a broader path dependency lens, it may represent similar trends in other scientific fields.	1
In line with a previous study in which subject categories where ranked according to their multidimensional prestige (García et al.	1
Please cite this article as: Huang, K., The Journal of Academic Librarianship, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2018.10.007	0
The key challenge for future research is to identify the channels through which distance and state borders medi- ate knowledge spillovers—more specifically, why public and private universities differ and how open science and patent regimes affect diffusion.	0
Therefore, to explore the relationship between research collaboration and interdisciplinarity in further detail, we aim to investigate the direct effects of the levels and types of scientific collaboration on the degree of disciplinary diversity in terms of cited references using various statistical techniques.	1
We want to offer a more reliable estimation of how far the real-life citing behavior may depart from the well-known flawed assumptions.	1
So the key and the only contribution in this work, is to turn from the usual individual comparison to a group comparison as shown in Eq.	1
In particular, the research presented in this paper makes the following contributions:	1
Their useful comments and criticisms have been instrumental in improving this paper.	0
This study also provides a mathematical explanation for the correlation between the number of Nobel Prize-winning discoveries and the total number of articles in Nature and Science across countries and universities (Rodríguez-Navarro, 2011a, 2011b).	1
Besides and more broadly, this suggests that the perspective is not only enriched, but also changed by the introduction of this socio-semantic framework, presenting the online world as a local rather than small world.	1
Philippe van der Beck, Michael Khotyakov and Stefan Suttner provided excellent research assistance.	0
This study provides insight into how specialty and nonspecialty journals work together to facilitate the dissemination of scientific knowledge in OBGYN.	1
Address correspondence and reprint requests to John Barnard, MD, Nationwide Children's Hospital, 700 Children's Drive, Columbus, OH 43205 (e-mail: John.barnard@nationwidechildrens.org).	0
We study in detail the profile of the titular members of the most prestigious academic institution of Brazil, the Brazilian Academy of Sciences (ABC).	1
A straightforward method is proposed for performance assessment, relying on a dynamic three-step process involving both quantitative and subjective or policy-making components.	1
This paper makes a powerful quantitative analysis of the gap between male and female authors from such aspects as the number of male and female authors, output and influence of different journals and institutions, career, dynamic evolution of output and influence, collaboration mode of gender difference, career length, contribution degree and collaboration degree of men and women.	1
This much gives substance and directions for the slogan that we should ‘fund people’, with or without projects.	1
In this final empirical section, we suggest a typology of discovery using several of Labov's categories as a rough framework to distinguish how and when serendipity appears.	1
For the first time, nearly all scholarly literature is available gratis to anyone with an Internet connection, suggesting the toll access business model may become unsustainable.	1
Thus, we hope that with this paper introduction we are making a contribution to enabling the measurement of not only statistical significance but also practical significance in evaluative bibliometric studies.	1
boundary object, to offer deeper insights into the scholarly communication system.	1
Keywords Open-access · Impact factor · Article Publishing Costs · Inequality · h-index	0
The first, and most important extension, is that the precise sources of convergence are examined in detail.	1
Table 1 The 50 best TF-IDF terms describing the 15 cross-citation clusters	0
BioOne sees sustainable scholarly publishing as an inherently collaborative enterprise connecting authors, nonprofit publishers, academic institutions, research libraries, and research funders in the common goal of maximizing access to critical research.	0
Of course, this article may have other authors except these three authors.	0
This article introduces metaknowledge, a Python package for computational research in information science, network analysis, and science of science.	1
Originality/value—Beall's List accounting journals may be especially useful to scholars who rely on OA journals, who see their local universities as natural publishing partners, and who investigate topics of concern to developing countries.	1
To address this limitation of the existing literature studying the field of higher education research, the authors investigate international comparative higher education research in this article.	1
In this brief communication, we introduced a new online platform, RPYS i/o, for conducting interactively both standard and Multi-RPYS analyses.	1
Given the additional information in specifying journal quality, this finding is not surprising.	0
This research letter discusses whether Arab Spring explains the changes in research productivity and impact of Arab countries by identifying non-sociopolitical factors that can be behind the variations of the research performance of several Arab nations such as Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Lebanon and Algeria.	1
In order to compare MTCIC against Cohan et al.	1
First, it relies on a large collection of journal titles.	1
The author must also thank his students for helping provide the data upon which this paper is built.	0
On a methodological level, we are—to the best of our knowledge—the first to bring field experimental methods to a workplace setting where the participants are engaged in scientific knowledge production.	1
Moreover, by segmenting the coverage of both Scopus and GS by document type, we arrive at better coverage indicators by document category, something that to our knowledge was not explored in previous studies.	1
The study was approved by the Committee on Human Research of the University of California.	0
In this case, the analysis includes a list of all 15,257 keywords.	0
We contribute to the existing literature by conducting a journal-level analysis with a focus on the (long-term) citation-based performance in the digital age.	1
Radial chart depicting the frequency of positive indicators (top) and negative indicators (below).	0
Table 2 Reported use of Google Scholar during an average semester (n=1141).	0
This study offers useful benchmarks for gauging scientific impacts of R4D programs and shows the value of using approaches that go beyond bibliometric measures.	1
To address the lacuna in scientometric research as mentioned above and to capture the dynamics of disciplinary writing conventions, I attempt to explore disciplinary and diachronic variations of connectors based on a self-built corpus of 30,000 high citation research article (henceforth abbreviated as HCRA) titles from soft and hard disciplines between the years of 1980 to 2023 under Halliday and Matthiessen's (2014) framework of cohesion.	1
The authors have no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
2 This category is found in both the SCIE and the SSCIE.	0
At the same time, this study raised an important question, how can libraries capture the library's impact on faculty's research productivity beyond the publications?	1
The concept modifies the traditional assumption that knowledge emanates in citation networks without losing any of its strength or content.	1
Centre for R&D Monitoring, KU Leuven, Dekenstraat 2, 3000 Leuven, Belgium	0
We have proposed here a definition of bias that is clearly narrower but very concrete and precise: i.e., a biased editor is defined operationally as an editor that exerts a higher (lower) level of manuscript quality control.	1
The question why a specialism is urban or rural in the first place is a crucial one that we cannot answer in the present analysis.	0
This study develops an innovative value creation process for the electric vehicle (EV) industry.	1
We exploit these areas to establish new indices, namely Perfectionism Index and eXtreme Perfectionism Index (XPI), aiming at categorizing researchers in two distinct categories: “influentials” and “mass producers”; the former category produces articles which are (almost all) with high impact, and the latter category produces a lot of articles with moderate or no impact at all.	1
Finally, the most influential publications (based on the number of citations of that article) within this sphere have not been elucidated thus far.	1
Although explicit contribution statements provide important complementary information, they cannot-in their current form-substitute for author order.	1
Phase 8 Final validation, minor revisions and publication of recommendations policy brief	0
Mohammad Hanief Bhat is Senior Librarian at Islamia College of Science and Commerce, Srinagar, India.	0
Wrong assessments of scientific research give rise to false research paradoxes.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 48 times since 2006*	0
The goal of our analysis was to develop a broader picture of the factors that hinder or help interdisciplinary publishing, and to come up with a comprehensive set of recommendations.	1
This study provides a historical perspective on the progress in the field of BCI, allows recognition of the most influential reports, and provides useful information that can indicate areas requiring further investigation.	1
Section 5 reports our main results and generalizes the findings of the paper.	0
The terms map (abstracts and titles) of the 2000 most cited papers in the Wine + Grape-database in the 2016–2020 period.	0
This finding challenges the view that WoS' coverage is based only on universalistic criteria (the dominant view in research evaluation), but also brings a more nuanced view to the claims of biases advanced by the most critical perspectives.	1
Division of Anaesthesia and Intensive Care, University of Nottingham, Queen's Medical Centre Campus, Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust, Nottingham NG7 2UH, UK	0
Compared with traditional techniques in Webometrics and SNA that have been used for such analyses, our model has the advantages of working on open web space (capability to explore unknown web resources and identify important ones) and of automatically building an extendable and hierarchical web knowledge map.	1
One prominent example is a US$ 50 million fine by the U.S.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1065-075X.htm	0
Despite these limitations, our study extends earlier cross-sectional research on larger collaboration networks (Newman 2001b) in several important ways.	1
Unfortunately for Flinders, the person in question published zero Q(1) pages in 1997.	0
This way, they can easily reach more potential customers throughout the world (Dholakia, Kshetri 2004; Vivekanandan, Rajendran 2006; Berthon et al.	0
The basic aim of this case study is to test whether the patterns of stress related research in tree species depended on their cultivation status (i.e.	1
Instructional Emphasis for Very High Research Activity Universities (n = 146).	0
Additional services and information for Urban Studies can be found at:	0
The screen images associated with the process are offered in Appendix 1.	0
These kinds of data, taken together, can be a useful resource for librarians working as selectors for Spanish and Latin American literature.	1
2012 ASIS&T Published online 13 December 2012 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The final section discusses policy implications and concludes suggesting further developments for research.	0
Yet, we do not know how the other side of Weber's status equation - shared lifestyles - shapes personnel exchange between departments.	1
For comparison purposes, 2IF and 5IF were also obtained by manual computation instead of using them released by the JCR.	0
To facilitate researcher reporting of contributorship information in manuscripts and journal articles, we created tenzing, a web app and R package [10] for researchers and publishers.	1
The dental literature lacks information on the fate of rejected articles.	1
The fact that the retitled translations have appeared about a year after the originals is not taken into consideration.	0
It is concluded that cnlFlog1.5 is an ideal journal evaluation indicator in same or different disciplines.	1
Figure 1 shows the relationships between citation count, number of downloads and Altmetric Attention Score for both top 100's.	0
The history of JPR is naturally intertwined with that of peace research, but also with the professional life of its founder.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
trends, patterns, nature, and type of research collaboration) reported in previously published works.	1
The highest-ranking fronts in this set are not very multidisciplinary in their impact as yet.	0
Secondly, we showed the differences between what characteristics count as talent when (early career) researchers are selected by grant panels, and the more general notion of talent used by (senior) scholars.	1
Section II describes how we built our dataset and presents descriptive statistics for the main variables.	0
Figure 3 further describes how much participants learned during the sessions.	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
A presentation of both descriptive findings and shaping dynamics follows this.	0
We next reflect on the autoethnographic approach taken and reflect on implications for future research.	0
We offer input for such a critical examination by studying valuation practice at conferences where scholars negotiate ‘what counts' in international FPR.	1
Finally, we propose three approaches for predicting collaboration probabilities by using the embedding vectors.	1
The current findings also nuance the debate on the undesirable outcomes of performance management and goal-setting.	1
It is thus a relatively new research field and there is little empirical knowledge on how outputs in this field should be evaluated.	1
First, this study enriches the international collaboration literature by explaining why a higher openness to international collaboration does not always lead to better knowledge performance.	1
196 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 2014	0
Error bars represent the upper and lower bounds of 95% confidence intervals.	0
These findings suggest that multilayered analysis enables a more comprehensive understanding of international scientific collaboration in the influenza virus vaccine field.	1
This practice is coming nowadays to a maturity when already existed data on semantically linked research objects and expressed by this scientific relationships can be recognized as a new data source for scientometric studies.	1
Key words: curriculum; education; graduate; medical; pulmonary and critical care; specialty; training	0
Acknowledgements We wish to thank Jeroen Bass at Elsevier for assistance in developing the data for the global level and for the specialties for 2008 and 2013.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
The novelty of this study lies in its attempt to build a relatively complete multi-level KS for the whole CLIS, on the basis of which some analysis and applications can be carried out.	1
The Appendix provides article, citation and ISCR data for the 96 universities studied, ranked by ISCR.	0
Further, the findings of this paper reveal knowledge development when the intention to use the product and the decision to include the private actors who would eventually manufacture the product, such as Lockheed and Boeing, were established early on.	1
As can be seen, the variations by SDS are slightly greater than those for the overall UDAs.	0
Support from the ESRC, through the CAGE Centre, is gratefully acknowledged.	0
Indeed, by identifying connections of JOM with other journals and investi- gating its knowledge domain, it provides the basis for knowledge creation (García-Lillo et al., 2017; Podsakoff et al., 2008).	1
All variables vary in time on an annual basis and are in logs,	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The data suggest that Vietnam’s scientific output doubled every 5 years.	0
There is an evident progressive evolution of the studies published in the Australasian Journal of Educational Technology, with a first phase focused on the design and implementation of educational technology in learning environments, a second phase focused on the enrichment of technology and its acceptance within the processes of teaching and learning, and finally a stage focused on student and teacher perceptions of the implementation of technology in the educational context.	1
This paper contains the analysis of the results of the questions regarding the barriers and facilitating factors.	0
Underlying reasons for the data errors are summarized and possible measures to improve the data quality are discussed in an in-depth and systematic way.	1
An examination of how citation impact increases with journal sizes by collaboration type produced additional novel insights.	1
This study is, to our knowledge, the first to provide empirical evidence of the consequences that retractions in the biomedical field (most importantly those that occur in cases of scientific fraud) have on the careers of the co-authors who are not formally identified as responsible for the fraud or mistake.	1
We propose a framework for analysing similar institutionalisation processes with three main dimensions: mimesis, adaptation/integration with existing practices, and maturation/commitment.	1
We show that collaboration networks are not static entities, underscoring the importance of exploring the evolution of networks over time.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This analysis includes key factors impacting growth of a journal such as publication evolution and citation structure, most cited articles, leading authors, institutions and countries, related journals and ranking, key research streams in the journal, and co-citation analysis.	1
The results presented in the current study show that the g-index works well in such contexts.	1
All analyses in this paper come from a research project funded by the Wellcome Trust and reported in Webster Lewison and Rowlands (2003).	0
ECOOM and Department of MSI, KU Leuven, Naamsestraat 61, Leuven, Belgium	0
Received: 10 June 2022 / Accepted: 9 January 2023 / Published online: 31 January 2023	0
Table adapted from Bosch and Hendersons (source: LJ Periodicals Price Survey 2013).	0
This work provides crucial evidence, based on data from the experiment in UAI 2022, that there are some potentially adverse effects of removing anonymity between reviewers in paper discussions.	1
While not an amendment to the Stevenson-Wydler Act, technology transfer from federal laboratories was later emphasized in US Technology Policy, issued by US President George W.	0
Vaidyanathan & Monica Gorman (2020): International scientific collaborative activities and barriers to them in eight societies, Accountability in Research, DOI: 10.1080/08989621.2020.1774373	0
Despite many quantitative analyses of researchers' collaboration patterns, few studies focus on the factors affecting this behaviour at a micro-level and on the reasons on which it is based.	1
The results provide some guidance as to the expected h-indices of a select group of medical educators.	1
We, therefore, excluded the following: editorials, in memoriam, introductions, letters, commentaries, opinion papers, perspectives, tributes, reviews.	0
The findings of this study contribute to the understanding of the interdisciplinary influence of the principle over a long period, from 1950 to 2013.	1
We introduce a new influence-based metric for the importance of an article, and it is in terms of the influence of an article towards all other articles in its associated field or the whole citation network.	1
This paper may also be useful to prospective accounting Ph.D.	1
For this evaluation, we use a new procedure, derived from the automated algorithm by Franceschini et al.	1
Based on the above research deficiencies, this paper proposes to study the patent coupling from the perspective of the patent inventor and conduct a comparative study of IBPCA and IPPCA from the perspective of the exploration of the method itself.	1
Nevertheless, understanding citation patterns across heterogeneous professional genres offeres a promising frontier for information sciences to provide a foundation for the analysis of scholarship's societal impact.	1
This paper presents an inferential network model of academic collaboration at the WUSTL ICTS.	1
Our paper, however, and as far as we know for the first time, explores e-mail from an informetric perspective.	1
In this work, we introduce a new quantity called network influence to measure the importance of an article when a citation network is given.	1
Considering the situation, a new system with novel submission and review process is proposed in this paper, to improve the performance of peer review substantially.	1
In our present article, we offer a more detailed and elaborate picture on the piratical demand for scholarly work.	1
The paper ends with a summary of the findings, followed by discussion and conclusions.	0
This approach will provide us with a more comprehensive view of the scientific landscape regarding the use of cytotoxic drugs in the treatment of colorectal cancer.	1
A node signifies a country and links between nodes indicate the connections among countries.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Finstad is Director of Research Services in the Department of Family Medicine and Community Health at the University of Minnesota Medical School.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 646 times since 2008*	0
To the authors' knowledge, this is the 1st research that compared the quantity and quality of publications in obstetrics and gynecology journals from Mainland China and the USA, England, Australia, Japan, Germany and France.	1
There is little research that looks into OA in oral and maxillofacial surgery.	1
However, the present research analyzed the relationship of collaboration and scientific impact from the context of a group of South American universities.	1
Further, we will show that the above questions can be positively addressed through a new measure for research grant effectiveness called WEIG - Wroclaw Effectiveness Indicator for Grants that is introduced in this paper, see Section 4 for details.	1
Finally, based on the findings, we proposed some policy recommendations to improve university research productivity.	1
We present an alternative framing of databases wherein infrastructure and context are seen as mutually constitutive.	1
This study is intended to fill the research gap by carrying out a bibliometric analysis of 9247 shale gas articles that were published between 2010 and 2020.	1
Received 19 April 2022; Accepted 26 June 2022; Published 20 July 2022	0
To the authors' knowledge, this is the first study to report on online attention regarding scientific papers published in the dental field without applying any search limits.	1
Second, this article elaborates a novel typology for monitoring the evolution of interdisciplinarity of TAs within an emerging technology network across time.	1
Therefore the findings of the previous studies on the growth rates of firms, countries and universities can be applied in an innovative manner to exploit the scaling relationship between the probability distributions of the index V in Italian universities, in order to normalize the data and thus deal with the size-related bias in assessments of knowledge productivity and research quality, as observed by the Italian ERQ.	1
2013), by employing the extensity centrality-Newman in the inventor-author network, we can not only identify which academic-inventors act as bridging roles, but also rank the importance of these nodes according to their collaborative relationship distribution in the network.	1
See Appendix, Figure A.1 for journal wise movement of mean citation count by year of publication.	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Thus, a comprehensive and integrated perspective on the contemporary roles of scientific societies is missing in the field of social studies of science.	1
Therefore we propoused some ways to overcome it, such as to publish in high impact journals or expand their research lines.	1
It is shown that the law holds for large subfields.	1
Using a novel application of barycenter representations, Verleysen and Engels (2014) illustrate the internationalization of academic book publishing for several SSH disciplines and for three book publication types (monographs, edited books and book chapters) as practiced at Flemish universities.	1
Section 1 presents a list with the 50 most cited papers in business & economics of all time.	0
Therefore, according to the idea of AUC algorithm, this paper proposes a prediction success rate indicator.	1
Moreover, our analyses include the whole population of students that graduated in a country that implemented the Bologna reform.	1
The answers to these questions will provide large-scale, empirical evidence of knowledge production and transfer in science.	1
In our paper we will go beyond these findings by examining whether the different responses relate to distinct habitus types and are linked to the social origins of habitus that produce and refine the ways scholars perceive themselves and the world around them.	1
However, if we limit this to the final research papers (excluding announcements, book reviews, proposals for funding, and observing time, obituaries, etc.), the fractions are 1.4% and 1.5%, respectively.	1
Tobias Opthof is an electrophysiologist, specialized in research about cardiac arrhythmias, in particular those related to myocardial ischemia, myocardial infarction, and heart failure.	0
An earlier version of this study was presented at the International Communication Association Conference, New York, 26–30 May 2005.	0
Or have the transparent calculations and sources created a mistake in the analysis?	0
Furthermore, our approach, which is a coarse-grained manner of collecting publications, can reduce the size effect of publications.	1
RESEARCH ARTICLE | Copyright ?2022 Undersea & Hyperbaric Medical Society, Inc.	0
Related digital media are available in the full-text version of the article on www.PRSJournal.com.	0
The impact of Author's self-citation in the Impact Factor of WoS was higher than the ISC.	1
1 A new perspective of uncovering the intellectual structure of a research field	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
In this paper, we present a study of the publication practices of the Argentinian CS community, their evolution over time and, more importantly, the impact they achieved in terms of citations.	1
One could further group these factors into intrinsic and extrinsic motivations that might affect a researcher's decision to collaborate with another researcher.	0
Cleary of Orsanco; and Captain Robert Wilcox at the Port of Baltimore, for unpublished data.	0
First of all, the overlapping and unique journals in the three databases are identified.	0
Second, we test our predictions by exploiting a newly developed dataset on the internationalization of HEIs in a number of European countries (Lepori and Bonaccorsi, 2013).	1
By comparing the values of the two matrices, it can be seen that the values are higher or lower.	0
This is interpreted as an indication that research networks beyond national borders have been identified.	0
659, see table 4) to present a table of the world’s top 100 institutions in research in the academic field of Management.	0
One of the authors is a member of the Joint Committee on Guides in Metrology (JCGM) Working Group 2 (VIM).	0
Although BIBLIO is in its preliminary stage of development and there is no evidence of its quality and utility, it is hoped that it could contribute to the transparent reporting of bibliometric reviews.	1
The study asks readers of higher education scholarship to consider whose voices may be missed by relying on top tier journals to understand higher education.	1
In addition, the adoption of the Computer Science Ontology [4] allows us to situate publications more precisely within a particular discipline and detect very fine-grained trends.	1
However, very few studies have investigated perceptions and attitudes towards social media use for scholarly communication of large cohorts of scholars at national level.	1
Received 1 September 2017; revised 6 September 2017; accepted 6 September 2017	0
Because our topics are narrower than the subfields of economics, we detect some changes in the narrative that could not be captured by a coarser grouping methodology á la Angrist et al.	1
The intermediate step of converting 2-D distances between journal pairs into rank relatedness was done for these measures, but the plots are not shown here.	0
In this article, we show that there is an elegant solution to this problem that originates from the field of game theory, allowing additional evaluations that involve substructures and individuals to be fairly derived from VQR national assessment exercises.	1
The GS h-index as well as the WoS h-index for editorial board members are significant predictors of the current IF of their journal.	1
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
National Institute for the Control of Pharmaceutical and Biological Products, Beijing, 100050, China.	0
However, data are scarce on plagiarism through the lens of retractions from databases that currently index a considerable fraction of the science produced in Latin America.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2398-6247.htm	0
In the present study, no direct interactions with animal or human participants were involved.	0
The most notable of these include the SCImago journal ranking (SJR) as well as the recently proposed source normalised impact per paper (SNIP), both of which are published by Scopus.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
As of July 2015, upload dates are no longer presented in ResearchGate pages in this way but are reported as “Available from” dates and so the method described above no longer works.	0
From top to bottom, the numbers of observations by field are 7239, 31,268, 4979, and 6143.	0
We found that, in general, publishing in OA is beneficial for researchers, especially if they choose the green route.	1
Incentive payments for publication in journals is unique to South Africa.	1
The process of innovation in communication is already underway, and this study will hopefully assist research chemists in the transition to open science for the benefit of the main users of chemical innovation: mankind.	1
Author contributions Conceptualization: CA, RG; Methodology: CA, RG; Formal analysis and investigation: CA; Writing—original draft preparation: CA; Writing—review and editing: CA, RG; Supervision: RG.	0
This novel approach enables going beyond the insights of a handful of theories (for example mainly in physics, as Kuhn studied) [1,2,11], to a systematic analysis of the nature of scientific progress grounded in the major discoveries, methods and fields across science.	1
Mathematics can serve as a useful laboratory for considering these questions because as an exact science, there is a narrow range of reasons for citations.	1
Where the definitions of c(i), and p(i) are the same as above.	0
The AMiner is a relatively new dataset, and we are among the first to use it for a scientometric study.	1
Even though TPB did not identify any specific contextual factors (e.g.	1
To address these questions, the methodology outlined in the remainder of this paper is based respectively on two main points:	0
1) The LDA model is introduced to generate the topic feature of the sample articles.	1
We can now consider a schemata for understanding the general structure of functional explanations.	0
This study is devoted to developing an alternative, simple, and reliable measure to the JIF and the h-index.	1
Our work also opens new avenues for strategy research by highlighting the salience of selection processes as having a sizeable impact on how executives choose their strategies.	1
Received February 12, 2008; revised April 10, 2008; accepted April 10, 2008	0
Claims that it is possible to predict scientific progress can easily be seen as paradoxical.	0
This paper provides a method whereby the researchers in a given scientific subject area can be characterised by their ethnicity or national background and their sex.	1
Seeing that no similar research has been conducted to date in orthodontics, this study aimed to describe the prevalence of predatory publishing and the characteristics of e-mail invitations for manuscript submission, review and editorial board membership sent to a single orthodontist within 12 months.	1
This question is intentionally vague to allow for both versions to avoid any inconsistencies between figure and text.	0
Rows represent the actual class and columns represent the predicted class.	0
The proposed triangulation method results in a better understanding of the complicated network of water research.	1
It is, however, based on a continuous random variable while time steps come in discrete values, as do the numbers of authors and references.	0
Another notable element of the present paper is in the indicator of research performance, given that we measure research productivity by means of the (fractional) total impact, meaning the sum of the field-normalized citations received by the publications of each professor (Abramo & D'Angelo, 2014).	1
In this work, we provide a quantification of the relationship between papers published in top journals and related working papers posted on academic generalist networks.	1
Potential triple-A journals are defined as those that are already included in ESCI, which poses the least demanding evaluation from the indexes studied, but have not made it to Scopus yet.	1
For an overview of the discussion, we refer to Adam (2002), Gl?nzel and Moed (2002), and Bar-Ilan (2008).	0
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.	0
The results obtained differ from previous studies in two main aspects.	1
Number of publications per document type, 2008-July 2018 (N = 349).	0
4 The visualization result based on the ratio of Aij/Aji in Table 1, excluding the lines with value lower than 1 and the lines where Aij and Aji were lower than 0.089	0
By emphasizing the complex interdependence of national systems and the larger global system, this article builds a unified theoretical approach to the study of scientific performance.	1
Received July 23, 1999; revised September 3, 1999; accepted September 9, 1999	0
We estimated the associations of national culture dimensions with citation impact of nations after controlling for country-level data on openness of nations (international migrant stock), academic openness (international co-authorships), national self-citations, number of researchers, investments in research and development, language, and productivity.	1
The graphical determination of the reference heterodisciplinarity of the 22 ESI fields is demonstrated in the Appendix.	0
Keywords Fractal · Power-law · Scale independent · Self-similar · Science system	0
In this paper we have demonstrated how the Leiden methodology can be implemented for a sample of three UK business schools.	1
All datasets generated for this study are included in the article.	0
Chunfeng Huang for his comments on the linear models, and Dr.	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/spp/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/scipol/scy060/5137124 by Bukkyo University user on 22 October 2018	0
Web Impact Factor, link analysis and WISER ranking of agricultural repositories in Asia is an unexplored area of webometric research.	1
This framework extends previous conceptions of institutional affiliations with respect to a single institutional affiliation in favor of more generalized combinations of institutional affiliations within a single organization (in our case the medical school within a university).	1
In our review of the science of team science studies, this paper is the first to use a multivariate network model that shows the importance of discipline in scientific networks.	1
Also, we complement linear regression models by Poisson pseudo likelihood estimators to account for the non-negative dependent variable.	1
The reviewers are asked to grade the manuscript on its public health relevance, originality and quality of analysis.	0
A special perspective of bibliometrics can offer further critique and extension; we argue that these two concepts are valuable for grappling with and interpreting the emergence of “co-word networks" in geography conferences (Bartelson 2010).	1
a Faculty of Information and Media Studies, University of Western Ontario, London, Canada N6A 5B7	0
The authors would like to thank Professors John Abowd and Jennifer Wissink for providing us with the student papers and to Deborah Joseph who made this logistically possible.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Keywords: Open Access; UCL; institutional repository; research; scholarly publish- ing; article processing charges	0
The a-value for the variable capturing health communication is low, but partly because the variable was strongly skewed.	0
In this study we propose an interdisciplinary metric based on the co-citation network.	1
We would like to thank the reviewers and the editor for their thoughtful comments and efforts towards improving our manuscript.	0
The deployed methodology proved the capacity of our robust, novel, heuristic approach to attach more accurate and representative reference layers to the body of scientific knowledge.	1
In addition, the JDC method complements the theory of journal evaluation and content analysis.	1
Given these limitations, the current study proposes a new scientometric approach drawing on Ph.D.	1
However, studies addressing the scientific production on leishmaniasis in the first 19 years of the 21st century and the comparison between global and Brazilian publications in the Scopus database have not been found in the literature.	1
We thank Courtney Kennedy for providing research assistance and the anonymous reviewers for their helpful suggestions.	0
A generalizable method for forecasting growth in specific research areas that can be applied at large scale has yet to be accepted.	1
In conclusion, the current study provides normative data including new metrics now available for researchers to track the quantity, quality, and impact of their outputs.	1
Our research highlights several critical tensions that can arise for authors who are faced with the decision of strategizing to choose the “right” journal for their research.	1
To the best of our knowledge, no comprehensive studies, at the national level, have yet compared characteristics between firms which participate in and receive grants from FPs and those that do not.	1
From there, the results and the following conclusions serve as input for decision makers in institutional and national science policies to improve research management.	1
We argue that, instead of over-relying on indicators, research environments should primarily be based on trust and personal responsibility.	1
This bibliometric and Altmetric analysis is the first of its kind to identify the authors and themes that have had the greatest impact within the global arena of surgery.	1
170 early career researchers interviewed three times over 2 years, have uniquely contributed towards a stress test of scholarly communications and cracks have been identified.	1
If anything, the pressure in Germany has been to increase teaching responsibilities rather than emphasizing research'.	0
Positive correlation between journal production and journal impact factors / Journal of Informetrics 10 (2016) 567–568	0
Details of the search, including journal titles excluded, example subject categories excluded by hand, and syntax used, are given in SI Text and SI Table 7.	0
It could open the door to future developments and create a new branch of bibliometrics.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Scatter plot of the correlation of Google Scholar impact factor and ISI Web of Knowledge impact factor.	0
“Summary and conclusion" presents a summary of the work and the major inferences obtained.	0
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: The author of this article is a full-time employee of the Spanish Council for Scientific Research (CSIC).	0
Received: 14 November 2020 Revised: 14 February 2021 Accepted: 23 February 2021	0
Received 17 December 2019; Received in revised form 5 January 2020; Accepted 9 January 2020	0
Our results have extended these studies by suggesting that the benefits of brokerage are contingent upon the researcher’s career stage.	1
To fill this research gap, this study explored the effect of the young returnee scientists on the international collaboration of their peers, which allowed us to better understand the mechanism of the peer effect of the returnee scientists.	1
In the following, the citation of authors and their co-cited relationship are described.	0
This study will provide additional assessment of h-Index scores in social work by answering three research questions.	1
to articles less than 6 years old (Δr < 6).	1
First, we use the publication count data considering the size of the universities and coauthored papers, which gives a more accurate account of the extent of research activities in each university.	1
Received 07 July 2011; accepted 12 December 2011; advance online publication 7 March 2012.	0
For each paper in Pc, we extract two representative topics with highest probability	0
Clickable links to the material are provided in the HTML text of this article on the Journals Web site (www.PRSJournal.com).	0
Hence the idea of introducing alongside this sleeping beauty construct the idea of “restless sleep”.	1
First, they describe a new type of optimization strategy induced by a PRFS using a mechanistic evaluation.	1
As in Table 2, they are not exclusive categories, as the same article may have authors with different nationalities.	0
Moreover, we applied a new and powerful method for longitudinal social network analysis, an approach that is scarcely used to understand the development of shared cultures despite its ability to disentangle various competing hypotheses (Lewis, Gonzalez, and Kaufman 2012; Lewis and Kaufman 2018).	1
It investigates the characteristics, distribution, election timing, and regional differences of excellent scholars in different categories.	1
The article has not been submitted elsewhere for consideration of publication.	0
The proposed framework will allow to implement real-time and evidence-based management practices in scientific research.	1
We consider possible pitfalls in such analyses and propose steps that can improve the comparability of these two data sources.	1
Runyan and Hyun (2009) were the first (and so far only) to conduct such an assessment on productivity in retail scholarship within the extant retail journals.	1
1, we did not exclude the citing and cited documents as described in steps (5) and (6) in the experiment section.	0
***, ** and * indicate, respectively, statistical significance at the 1%, 5% and 10% levels.	0
Presented in part at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Washington, DC, September 29-October 2, 1996.	0
One reason for conducting this study was to provide practical guidelines to those who may be interested in incorporating SP into employment, promotion, tenure, and funding decisions.	1
Machine learning provides an alternate approach for performing a sophisticated evaluation of citation frequency based on a broad spectrum of article features.	1
A common practice in ACA is to interpret clear and large factors as specialties and authors’ loadings on factors as the degrees to which authors belong to the respective specialties.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study to characterize retracted scientific publications from OAJs.	1
In this analysis of coauthorship patterns in pediatric critical care RCTs, we found that the research enterprise is highly fragmented (with 183 disconnected components).	1
Moreover, bibliometrics represents a win-win situation for all involved, as results show.	1
Keywords Neurology · Science · Gross domestic product · Scientific production	0
Instead, GPNG is run by an all-ECR editorial team, with an all-ECR editorial board, for ECRs.	1
Any opinions expressed in this document are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of NIH, team members, or affiliated organizations and institutions.	0
Moreover, no studies were found examining the reasons for the low level of co-authorship in Iran.	1
Section 6 concludes with the limitations of the paper and highlights future work in this area of research.	0
The research leading to these results has received funding from the European Union Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007–2013) under grant agreement No.	0
2 This study was financed by the Department of Rural Economy and Sociology of INRA.	0
From the *Departments of Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ont.	0
Building upon this legacy, we set to examine the role of an even ampler set of reference list features in driving a paper citation impact.	1
Finally, 64 multidisciplinary journals' academic impact of Dimension 2 is obtained from the comprehensive evaluation score value (see Table V).	0
Our main argument is that accessibility, and thus Open Access, is only one part of a broader challenge over the democratization of knowledge, which we call 'epistemic justice'.	1
Now, after a quarter of a century of psychology in democratic Romania, it is time to analyze again our academic outputs, focused not only on academic units - as David et al., 2002 did -, but, following international models, on the performance of individual psychologists as well.	1
Finally, this study highlights the processes which may require review and how processes can potentially be made more streamlined, aligned and proportionate.	1
Here we introduce the scientific production ranking algorithm (SPR), an iterative algorithm based on the notion of diffusing scientific credits.	1
We turn to academic networking sites as data sources to uncover research outputs of sub-Saharan African countries to provide a fuller picture of the research activity in the region.	1
They also thank Carl Bergstrom of the University of Washington and Kristin Antelman of the Caltech Library for helpful suggestions and discussions.	0
These challenges remain, although a gradual convergence toward a more integrated European science community appears to be reducing difficulties relating to co-publication across national borders (Hoekman et al.	0
However, there are no studies exploring the impact of these issues within a special library and its relationship to government affiliated atmospheric scientists and researchers.	1
The second contribution is a list of journals that exhibit especially high rank variability across the PoP metrics; ranking tactics that at least partially mitigate this variability are suggested.	1
Department of Neurology, Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, New Brunswick, NJ, USA	0
A novel methodology was developed to explore evolutionary patterns of research communities over time.	1
The APM&R has seen major transformations in the nature of its contributors over a century of publication; many of these parallel the changes seen in other areas of health care and medical science, some characteristics and shifts (especially in gender and level of training of its authors) are unique.	1
Nicholas Carleton, PhD, Department of Psychology, University of Regina, 3737 Wascana Parkway, Regina, SK S4S0A2.	0
The rate of increase in otolaryngology education articles was much larger.	1
We propose a new stochastic model for conference attendance dynamics which can explain our empirical findings.	1
Chemometrics, a science that relates measurements obtained in chemical systems or processes through the application of statistical and mathematical methods, an area created 50 years ago, still does not have a study evaluating the evolution of the area in qualitative and quantitative terms.	1
data mining (as an example of a topic that has come very much to the fore over the last 10 years with the massive rise that has taken place in the scope and the scale of modern information systems); operating systems (as an example of a topic that has been at the core of computer science ever since it emerged as an academic discipline in the second half of the last century); and web design (as an example of an application that can be expected to grow still further in importance with the increasingly rapid digitization of many aspects of modern society).	1
The interview data yielded new insights into the reasons for researchers to publish and the functions of non-mainstream journals.	1
This article is an initial endeavour to systematically review and visually synthesize the main aspects of the intellectual and conceptual scientific structure of Balkan – Southeast European studies over the last century.	1
To whom correspondence should be addressed: Eberval Gadelha Figueiredo, M.D., Ph.D.	0
By focusing on a single university, we obtained rich longitudinal information of unprecedented detail that allows us—for the first time—to better specify which mechanisms drive network formation.	1
Special thanks go to Tom Howes and Nicholas Neill-Fraser for editing the final manuscript.	0
To find out whether topic assignment is accurate relative to the target citation for cases where CCs have multiple references and where citations refer to complete statements.	1
Here, we describe Rxivist.org, a website that indexes all preprints posted to bioRxiv.org, the largest preprint server in the life sciences, and allows users to filter and sort papers based on download metrics and Twitter activity over a variety of categories and time periods.	1
In substance, Porter and Rafols proposed the measurement of Stirling's (1994) three basic properties of research diversification through mapping the subject categories of cited publications.	0
Within LIS, descriptions of methods by which librarians seek or locate research collaborators, the success of those methods, and the general outcomes of collaborative efforts is nonexistent in the literature.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to evaluate the publication rate of ObGyn residents and to apply an original approach by determining the factors associated with publication.	1
To achieve this objective, the study proposed a definition of the effectiveness of Altmetric.com scores and used a mixed analysis of updated and large-scale SSH publication data to analyze from a field perspective.	1
Finardi (University of Torino, Italy) and Ceris staff for comments and fruitful suggestions, as well as Diego Margon and Silvana Zelli for their excellent research assistance.	0
Geyman, Department of Family Medicine RF-30, School of Medicine, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195.	0
In view of all the above, in this paper we conduct a large-scale analysis of the citation advantage in both publication modalities.	1
We hope that this paper can to some extent improve the veracity in representation of GS within its other limitations, and these implications extend beyond the discipline of education.	0
Next, we find an optimal set of manuscripts to allocate on, as well as the optimal allocation fractions.	1
School of Management, Graduate University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, People's Republic of China	0
61st St., RR-119, New York, NY 10065; telephone: (646) 962-2640; email: keg2002@ med.cornell.edu.	0
1548 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—August 2007	0
The open-access movement, although noble in its intent, has been an unwitting host to these parasitic publishers.	0
One recent indicator named EM-index proposed by Bihari and Tripathi (2017), considers the impact of excess citation in evaluation of scholarly impact of scholars.	1
relatif ?, en se limitant aux catégories A et B du score SIGAPS, c'est-à-dire, aux ?	1
There exists ample literature on the design of indicators and models to evaluate websites of different domains.	0
In this respect, our results also provide guidance on how to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of academic research policies.	0
For this reason, we found that the logarithmic transformed data is more adequate for EFA.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
The authors reported no conflicts of interest related to this study.	0
Due to the spillover effect of her scientific production, partnership and network, we define here the ‘Felfili Effect' in the field of floristic and phytosociology in the Cerrado.	1
Obviously, the three sets represent a multinational, multilingual, and multi-organizational compilation of data originally collected for different purposes.?	0
Recent advances in natural language processing (NLP) machine learning (ML) techniques (Wei and Croft 2006; Aggarwal and Zhai 2012) have made automatic classification of disciplines possible (Yau et al.	1
This study illustrates scientists' referencing (mis)behavior by structuring the dissemination network of referencing errors.	1
The fourth kind of phenomenon is an innovation based on current research at home and abroad, which relies on the second phenomenon.	1
By contrast, our approach begins with the people who conduct research and their publication trajectories, and it therefore captures these ripple effects.	1
Third, we compare new ASA rankings with citation-based ranking including ABS rankings, Scimago's SJR rankings, and Thomson Reuters' JCR rankings and point out significant differences in some respects.	1
We define a new dynamic RAM as 5YD2 as “5YD2 = 5YIF/2YIF.”	1
In conclusion, to our knowledge, this is the first study to evaluate the developing research trend in implantology in each time period for the past 40 years using the H-classics method.	1
Acceptance in blinded abstract evaluation often detects work published later, while rejected contributions still might represent high quality work suitable for publication in peer reviewed journals.	1
In this segment the recent papers connected to the citation count calculation is discussed with recent existing papers.	0
This present study of reviewers of the journal Biological Conservation confirms these findings using a larger sample size than in most previous studies.	1
This identifies a new avenue for further study that has not previously been covered significantly in the literature (Tahantan et al. 2016).	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Regarding future research into the dynamics of science, our analysis points to the relevance of interdependencies in research funding.	1
Our idea is to propose a new bibiometric index which depends on the similarity between the citation distribution x and a corresponding “ideal” distribution x*, to be uniquely identified, under suitable constraints, in terms of i) number of papers; ii) number of citations per publication.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s1119 2-020-03527-0) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
This paper analyzes and surveys the state of the monograph publishing in East Asia, with a focus on China, Japan, and Korea.	1
Further, an alternative measure of dominance is also given on the sine quo non that order of authors in the by-line is strictly according to relative measure of contribution.	1
This paper presents an analysis of 13 such potential, possible, or probable predatory publishers demonstrating another strategy employed to trap eager to publish authors or researchers to submit their work.	1
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Studies providing the quantitative profiling and analysis of the output and impact of U.S. universities' research engagement and collaboration with Africa, especially at the institutional level do not exist in major databases and search engines.	1
This research note complements Fosso Wamba and his colleagues' study and also helps avoid improper interpretation in the use of WoSCC in old literature retrieval and historical bibliometric analysis.	1
The practical implications were presented for Asian countries as well as Korea to develop their own JCR rankings and for their academic libraries to provide better scholarly services.	1
The opinions expressed are those of the authors and may not reflect the policies of NSF or NIH.	0
This creates a novel scenario where these phenomena can be investigated, but which also requires a new methodology, starting from the analysis of communities (clusters of authors usually working together) rather than teams based on the static co-authorship of a single paper or the volatile notion of affiliation.	1
What is needed is an analytical framework with whose help one could articulate the role of new scientific understanding in solving societal problems of various kinds.	1
More details on how they were implemented are provided in the relevant section.	0
The paper is not completed yet and only preliminary findings will be given in this paper.	0
Setting n = 1 and recalling that h(1) = 1, we find	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
We demonstrate that machine learning classification models can be trained to accurately separate M&S from related disciplines using the abstracts of well-index research publication repositories.	1
The new indictor correlates with betweenness centrality significantly more than RS diversity.	1
See in the ‘Data collection’ section for a description of the data collection steps	0
For the first time, a picture of interdisciplinary research in the field of heavy precipitation is drawn.	1
The data reported are of general interest because the outputs are chosen selectively by the researchers being assessed.	1
This Web Appendix provides further details on coding of the most prolific authors.	0
Emory University, 201 Dowman Drive, Suite 313, Atlanta, GA 30032, USA	0
IWRM = integrated water resource management; STLD/TLD = second top-level domain; top-level domain; URL = uniform resource locator.	0
These maps reveal complementary aspects of the network.	1
evaluate the impact of health policies and programs (National Center for Health Statistics 2011a)	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Notes: 1987, 1997 and 2007 data from Web of Science, 2017 data from Scopus.	0
The assumption of our study is that the country of affiliation of authors and their country of residence during the pandemic in 2020/2021 were the same.	0
As the European Research Council Starting Grants is a highly prestigious international funding programme for young scientists with demanding eligibility requirements and low acceptance rates, it constitutes a unique case study for further investigating the relationship between peer review-based selection decisions and applicants' publication performance.	1
Web server log data are a more direct measure of the use of the site but user identities are mostly unknown there.	0
Our research does demonstrate the value of content analysis and social network analysis using publication data for assessing a CoP’s knowledge production against its professed knowledge domain.	1
Our findings provide trends of faculty contributions to lead authorship positions and how authorship contributions varied among different academic positions.	1
For instance, the proposed mean cumulative impact factor clearly shows a more stable behaviour and could help researchers to perform a better publication strategy, if they know that this index is going to be used for the research assessment by the funding institutions.	1
Acknowledgments This research was financially supported by the Funda??o para a Ciência e Tecnologia (FCT), Portugal, and by a Research Grant from the University of Macau.	0
Acknowledgments This research was supported in part by the Center for Nanotechnology in Society at Arizona State University (National Science Foundation Awards 0531194 and 0937591).	0
This study does not require approval from an ethics committee because it performs a bibliometric analysis/citation analysis of the existing published classical studies.	0
1675): this is exactly what we aim to offer in this paper.	0
unique to this illustration is the temporal application of citation data to indicate the progression of study findings in the peer-reviewed literature.	1
Our study can serve as an example for how to use individual bibliometric indicators and control indicators in research evaluation processes.	1
A remarkable implication of this structure of the scientific competition is that the scientific domains playing the role of “markers” of national scientific competitiveness are those not necessarily of high technological requirements, but rather addressing the most “sophisticated" needs of the society.	1
Jones is vice president, Division of Medical School Services and Studies, Association of American Medical Colleges, Washington, D.C.	0
Text in italics is a translation from a response in Japanese	0
He has published previously in Social Science Quarterly and has an article forthcoming in the American Journal of Political Science.	0
1 in Kareiva et al.2) and number of citations per manuscript in fourteen serials in organismal biology issued in 2000.	0
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
362 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE—April 1, 1999	0
Using fine-grained data gathered from LinkedIn and complemented with additional data sources, we have shown that LinkedIn can be used as a new data source to deepen the analysis of the behavior of highly skilled individuals.	1
The paper is structured as follows: in "Results and discussion" Section, a literature review is carried out to identify the conceptual framework within which the study is developed; in "Conclusions" Section, the methods and variables used are presented; in "Results and discussion" section, the results of the empirical analysis are analysed, and the applicable paradigm is discussed; and, finally, the conclusions, contribution and limitations of the study are summarized in "Conclusions” section.	0
The main objective of this study was to obtain an integrated overview of the current state of knowledge of bank marketing.	1
Aside from contributing new insights to the history of disciplinary development by showing how discursive origins and epistemological traditions influence peer review normativities, our findings also have implications for EER and other social science fields with similar tendencies.	1
Peer review plays an essential role in scientific research, but the influence of reviewers' academic status is often overlooked during this process.	1
Thirdly, the proposed SHCs analysis system provides several insights for researchers in this field.	1
Our natural experiment approach allows us to account for this "author-driven" selection bias.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-017-2396-9) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Other languages (Spanish and French) also appeared in the references, but in very low numbers.	0
NO PART MAY BE REPRODUCED OR TRANSMITTED IN ANY FORM WITHOUT WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM THE PUBLISHER.	0
This paper problematizes the approach taken in studies where R&D statistics are used as an input variable and publications as an output variable to draw conclusions about the productivity or efficiency of national research and innovation systems.	1
The results, not reported here but available from the authors on request, indicate in the estimation of the full model (also including country effects) that there is no strong field effect on productivity.	0
The present paper contributes to the literature on financial interdependences in higher education by examining how previous funding streams affected the QPT grant allocation.	1
Second, this study revealed the mechanisms by which the tenure track system affected faculty members' academic performance.	1
The paper finishes with some conclusions that may serve, together with other diagnostic instruments that complement the methodology used (e.g.	0
While there is insufficient information on the distribution and retention trends of PSs, the present study provided information that may contribute to investigations into the circumstances of PSs and measures for securing these physicians in the future.	1
With this study, the question of the dilemma was investigated for the first time in the context of a research center.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Following their works, we propose two network-based indicators and investigate the relation between referencing behavior within a scientific publication and its citation impact by considering both count- and network-based measurements.	1
We offered a six-step approach to facilitate replication of our processes by the website analysis and social science communities.	1
To the best of our knowledge, no research has been conducted on the CSE or any other developing country's scientific elite using bibliometric techniques [53].	1
Our argument is that these webinars, intentionally or otherwise, amplify the academic discourse about ‘predatory publishing', generating uncertainty and anxiety about the boundary between 'fake' and 'real' journals, and undermining the fragile academic credibility of African publishing initiatives.	1
2018) and revealed a limited number of results for each scientist (de Arenas and Arenas 1999).	1
1 The US granted utility patents in China, US and foreign-other countries by Year	0
It has seriously challenged the citation analysis assumptions that citations are of equal contribution and that citation means author endorsement of previous literatures.	1
It can also be questioned whether relative, rather than absolute, contributions should be the basis for scientific merit.	1
A formal definition of emerging topic prediction as a time series forecasting problem is provided, as well as a generalized framework to solve this problem, which allows predicting popularity scores of a topic at future time points.	1
3 The Carnegie Classification also classifies the institutions that award at least 20 doctoral degrees per year as the "doctoral granting university."	0
Section 2 presents the ISI Web of Science and the actual selection of journals in the analysis.	0
First, rather than examining a subset of the most prolific social and personality psychologists, random samples of five issues per year across 10 years (2004–2013) from two top journals, JPSP and Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin (PSPB), were selected to examine a possible gender gap in authorship.	1
See the Appendix for more detailed information on the dataset and the data collection process.	0
Finally, we wish to thank the author participants who completed the online surveys and the manuscript reviewers, who are the cornerstones of the peer review process.	0
Keywords: research policy; performance-based research funding system (PRFS); impact; Evaluation Methodology; Czech Republic; Eastern Europe.	0
This is an extract from the paper “Altmann, J., Abbasi, A., Hwang, J.	0
Prior to the implementation, researchers explained to the participants its purpose, emphasizing that participation was voluntary and that students could withdraw at any time.	0
Received February 16, 2012; revised March 22, 2012; accepted March 26, 2012	0
2012 ASIS&T Published online 20 November 2012 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
This procedure allows the position of the FT journals to be analyzed in this general ranking.	0
The particular form of derivative journal creation that we analyze here is, we think, quite different in nature and related to marketing practices first developed for consumer goods, where a company constructs the brand of its new products around an original trademark that is already well known and popular among consumers.	1
We then present the results, both summary data and regression results.	0
To address the deficiencies of existing research, this study evaluates the changes in academic productivity, impact, and overall capability of outstanding scholars from the perspective of bibliometrics.	1
US scientists did not comment on whether they saw any changes in US graduate students over time.	0
The paper ends with a discussion of the findings and conclusion.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This is the first study that explores the geographic network of the Sub Saharan African researchers in relation to HTA.	1
It also shows that such differentiation should not stop at the level of sources, but should go even deeper to the level of action types or even individual actions.	1
Though statistically analyzed results of this study suggest that internet access has a negative association with students' plagiarism, ethics control and teaching factors have a positive association.	1
Research question 1 (RQ1) was examined by analyzing the shares of international, national, and single-author papers for the whole sample set, for individual journals, and for each region.	0
We propose a new graph-based ranking algorithm, MutualRank, that integrates mutual reinforcement relationships among networks of papers, researchers, and venues to achieve a more synthetic, accurate, and less-biased ranking than previous methods.	1
Moreover, three measures to analyze the tail of the distribution are proposed: (i) cited reference survival rate, (ii) cited reference mortality rate, and (iii) cited reference percentile.	1
Downloaded from jos.sagepub.com at MCMASTER UNIV LIBRARY on January 8, 2015	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
An internet search (www.google.com) was then performed for each training program in order to compile a list of faculty members and fellows.	0
The key finding from the study is that without movement from the vendors on individual list prices, a consortia-negotiated Big Deal continues to represent the best value for a comprehensive suite of content.	1
A new research stream influenced by computational social science has emerged to study 'collective' attention (attention received from the entire community), using data from large groups in natural and non-laboratory settings (Wu & Huberman, 2007; Crane & Sornette, 2008; Sasahara, Hirata, Toyoda, Kitsuregawa, & Aihara, 2013; Stadelmann & Torgler, 2013; Lorenz-Spreen, M?nsted, H?vel, & Lehmann, 2019).	1
The author has no financial or personal relationship with other people or organizations that could inappropriately influence or bias the paper's content.	0
* Institute of Marine Biology, Far East Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Vladivostok 690041 (Russia)	0
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at SIMON FRASER LIBRARY on June 12, 2015	0
Visualizations offer exploratory information on the current state in a scientific field or discipline, as well as can indicate possible developments in the future.	1
Frequency distribution by year of reverse transcriptase articles (total n = 656)	0
In Section 4 we analyze institutional effects on research productivity and derive some conclusions concerning the training of junior scientists.	0
Therefore, the goal of this paper is to examine the relationship between these macro-level scientometric measures and country-level human development and GII, in order to identify potential systemic issues contributing to disparities in scholarly communication.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/1468-4527.htm	0
We also study whether there is a gender effect, and we use a database that specializes in publications in economics.	1
However, our study identified four pitfalls in this procedure.	1
For search path counting, SimSPC was proposed for measuring the salience of citation arcs in disseminating scientific influence based on the concept of simple search path.	1
IBCCF's, (A): articles, theses; and (B): number of graduate students and faculty	0
Received 16 December 2017; Received in revised form 16 July 2018; Accepted 2 August 2018	0
Our study also supports these trends in global publications.	1
The boost factor in year t is a ratio, with the numerator being the sum of the ith power of an author's annual citations received in continuous n years following year t, and the denominator being the sum of ith power of his/her annual citations in continuous n years prior to year t.	0
This study will supplement the previous qualitative work by concentrating on empirical analysis of research structures, correlations among research themes, and research trends.	1
Toward this end, we created a free, public, web-based tool for PubMed articles.	1
The research is supported by the Economic and Social Research Council [Grant number PTA-026-27-2228].	0
While other articles have looked at GS through various lenses, the authors believe this specific aspect of the topic has not been previously explored.	1
(Note: Zobserved is not carried out by SPSS but can be performed by hand or by using a calculator).	0
The stated three policy implications would be helpful to achieve the visualization of sustainability and diversification of economic portfolios by the aid of technology embodied web interface to cover the large research database worldwide.	0
The k can be any positive number and its value is proportional to the size of the resultant network.	0
The aim of this empirical work is to contribute to making better-informed decisions in relation to the above choice.	1
While peer review is still to be considered as the main method for evaluation in Humanities and Social sciences, our analysis supports the view that journal classification can be a useful tool to support peer review even in SSH.	1
Nevertheless, with the exception of Italian statistics and economics articles with 1, 2 and 3+ authors (Franceschet and Costantini 2010) there has been no systematic investigation into the relationship between the number of authors and citation rates within social science disciplines.	1
Compared to previous studies of citation context, this is the first paper that includes the temporal dimension into the analysis of citation context, in order to gain insights into the process of knowledge accumulation.	1
Taking a different stance, this study sought to bring increased awareness of the individual experiences and reactions of researchers at different career stages and in various disciplines.	1
*The journals were coded by randomly assigning an identifying consonant to each journal.	0
For this analysis, the combined data set of 921,254 outputs selected for assessment is a unique longitudinal perspective on national research activity.	1
Results suggest that the proposed approach can identify SCI publications within millions of NPRs in not a short computing time but an acceptable one and that it performs as expected from the evaluation by using a sample NPR dataset even for a comprehensive set of NPRs.	1
The discussion examines the findings of this section in relationship to the research questions.	0
Received 22 December 2021; Received in revised form 4 May 2022; Accepted 5 June 2022	0
This way fields that are often co-cited with each other appear close together and have thicker lines joining them.	0
This research has made extensive use of the NASA Astrophysics Data System Bibliographic services.	0
We also propose that to reduce the financial pressure on CELJs, government funding should be differently apportioned, providing a better return on investment (ROI).	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
Our results provides evidence that ANVUR classification can be a useful tool both for research evaluation at the national level and for scholars in orders to orient themselves in the highly complex market of scientific publishing: ANVUR classification is usually quite robust with respect to peer evaluation of articles and shows a close relationship with the Scopus Classification and with the disciplinary classifications available in WoS; on the other hand, it shows a weaker relation with another list that is commonly referred to in the literature, ERIH plus.	1
Uppsala Universitetsbibliotek, on 18 Jun 2020 at 07:34:00, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.	0
It shows that differences in publishing methodology exist between monographic special issues and non-monographic works.	1
By locating academic metrics within neoliberal logic, we are able to expose and critically assess their most important working dynamics and impacts: first, they standardize academic perceptions and behaviours (paradoxically producing specific forms of deviance), and, second, they erode traditional academic identities	1
While we are aware that scientific truth is transitory, and therefore scientific eminence is highly unlikely to obtain longevity, empirical evidence concerning the “half-life” of eminent scientists is not available.	1
Figure 3 shows the average value over 1,000 applications of the k-means algorithm, and Figure 4 illustrates the average value over 100 applications.	0
Firstly, combining the theories review with the citation diffusion context, this study introduces the concept of citation discontinuance (CD) in the analysis framework of citation diffusion, and finds that CD generally exists in the citation diffusion of scientific papers.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first paper to simultaneously cover all scientific areas, using a massive database of publishing papers, and to apply an econometric model to analyze data.	1
The main contributions of this paper are (1) an algorithm able to capture relationships different from the pure similarity of content, (2) and able to select the co-occurrence cases that are really significant, and (3) a corpus of pairs of articles manually annotated according to their degree of relationship, which has allowed us to test the ability of our proposal to discover articles related beyond the content similarity.	1
This is by far the largest study of its kind that has been published to date, covering 100 times more articles and references than that of Bertin et al. (2016).	1
Data are publicly available from a variety of third party sources.	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
TABLE 1 Types of books published by academics at Makerere University, 2011–2017 (n = 38).	0
One of the issues that will be raised later is that not every paper published in a high-ranked journal is a good paper and not every paper published in a lower-ranked journal is a bad paper.	0
Table 1 Overview of conducted interviews (in brackets: number of interviews from the secondary study)	0
First, to our knowledge, it represents the first analyses of the responsiveness of reviewers to review requests.	1
In conclusion, our analysis provides a review of landmark papers published in the field of BCI; these 100 highly cited articles reflect major advances and hot topics of the past 10 years, which can help to distinguish incremental from transformational studies, and provide insights into priorities and trends in BCI research that could serve as sources for future research directions.	1
Second, the study introduced new techniques, such as CTM and large language model (LLM) sentiment analysis, to obtain nuanced insights related to long COVID.	1
P < .05, nonparametric test for trend for all countries, P = .90, nonparametric test for trend for Japan.	0
Received January 25, 2011; revised March 14, 2011; accepted March 14, 2011	0
Here, we offer 10 recommendations to amplify the discoverability of studies in search engines and databases.	1
In other words, we go beyond mere description and include a critical interpretation of the findings (i.e., the distribution of research methodologies).	1
In other cases, the type of contributors had to be guessed from the context.	0
The data that were used in the study are open-access texts of journal articles.	0
The results and their respective discussions are shown in "Results and discussion" section.	0
This paper has presented an alternative method—the extraction and analysis of mentions—to map and analyze links between scholars and publications in periods and fields that fall outside the scope of citation-based studies.	1
In this paper, we perform an extensive analysis of six normalized indicators of the target or cited-side variety, and assess their performance in the citation distribution for all articles in all fields – the all-fields case – using the IDCP method.	1
We offer a detailed assessment of a wide range of predictors of scholarly productivity—including the Big Five traits—among academic political scientists.	1
Third, it shows the most influential institutions, journals and references in the platform research, which helps scholars accurately search for journals, authors and papers.	1
Department of Science Policy and Scientometrics, Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary	0
We propose that a corrective measure be taken by Clarivate Analytics, by striking the citations received for the near-duplicate paper [i.e., Chand and Singh (2004b)], and not only striking the citations for this paper after 2015, the year in which it was corrected.	1
Therefore, this study provides several new insights to the marketing discipline and its research community (including PhD students, educators, researchers, authors, journals, editors, reviewers, and tenure and promotion committee members).	1
The means for selected journals are significantly higher than the corresponding NS means (p<0.05, one- tailed) in all cases except those marked with asterisks	0
NIH funding to researchers with an interest in cardiac anesthesiology has also not been estimated.	1
More telling is the place assigned to women in the book.	0
The research was conducted by the author during his stay at the Université Grenoble-Alpes (France) as a visiting researcher.	0
Our study contributes to an understanding of higher education research as a field.	1
School of Library, Archive and Information Studies, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, 91904 (Israel)	0
The proposed approach is based on the joint use of various indices of structural difference, scientific collaboration, and citation indicators.	1
To help read the similarity values, basic descriptive statistics of the values of the pair-wise similarity for static author map, dynamic author map and LDA map are provided in Table 4.	0
If citation analysis were simply a numerical mirror of peer review judgements, nothing much new would be happening.	0
Section II explains literature selection process, and Section III describes literature analysis methods.	0
Taking into account the first and second levels of the PACS classification we demonstrated that physicists indeed explore during their career but only in the proximity of their initial research topic.	1
We finally discuss conclusions and future research directions ("Discussion and conclusions" section).	0
By applying an updated historical institutional framework, the analysis thus shows how a long series of gradual and marginal processes of institutional change running through parallel dimensions—occasionally supplemented with more radical change-over time has accumulated to a rather far reaching transformation of the Danish research funding system as a whole.	1
However, our survey clearly places psychology together with humanities rather than with pure and applied sciences.	1
The argument is not foolproof, and exceptions undoubtedly will occur, but the “injustice” done to powerful junior coauthors in the early stages of their careers will automatically be remedied in due time as their h index rapidly increases.	0
This paper focuses on the humanities to show the role of acknowledgements within the reward system and highlight publication patterns and inherent research features which make acknowledgements particularly interesting in the area as reflection of the socio-cognitive structure of research.	1
For example, we note the following numbers of publications in our data set over our seven time intervals: (a) 297 articles published between 1978–1985, (b) 329 articles published between 1986–1990, (c) 406 articles published between 1991- 1995, (d) 498 articles published between 1996–2000, (e) 511 articles published between 2001–2005, (f) 845 articles published between 2006-2010, and (g) 1,347 articles published between 2011-2015.	0
Therefore, we exploit the asymmetricities in bibliometric data and create a directional measure for international collaboration.	1
A detailed explanation of PFNet as well as another application of it is provided in Chen (8).	0
However, little research has been conducted to identify high research performance researchers, and the existing information on the characteristics of these researchers and their publications is insufficient.	1
To study this, this paper proposes two sets of topic attributes to examine topic dynamic characteristics: topic continuity and topic popularity.	1
It is included to stimulate additional discussion of the contribution of research to public knowledge.	0
publications, funding solicitations) from a variety of established and emerging disciplines related to modeling and simulation.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
This article identified proven and existing strengths in arts and humanities research, but by NRPE becoming in effect the de facto national research policy, some of the previous balance in research policy has been lost.	1
We also provide evidence that contradicts McCann's (2001) precocity-longevity hypothesis.	1
To fill the gap, this study employs the maximum spanning tree (MST) approach to identify discipline-level knowledge paths in weighted, directed, and cyclic networks.	1
Data availability The data underlaying this article are available at https://github.com/ReneMarkovic/World-University-Rankings.git	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
From now on, we call it Economics and Statistics to be consistent with the official label by ANVUR.	0
The displayed values are derived from actual citation counts (Table 1) and not from the model.	0
Box and whisker plot of data are shown on the left.	0
Our results increase librarians' knowledge about faculty awareness and perceptions of the JIF as well as the nature of publication choices and their impact in nursing scholarship.	1
The added value of our study is the consideration of nationwide journals in such an analysis.	1
Received: 30 December 2018; Accepted: 22 January 2019; Published: 24 January 2019	0
Strategic positioning theory can be used to direct researchers' behaviours by creating a comprehensive environment for achieving the goals of research institutes or policy-makers.	1
The Editors of American Journal of Sociology (AJS), American Sociological Review (ASR), and Social Forces (SF), 1970 to 1989a	0
We have presented a novel technique ICRT to conduct issue-based clustering of scholarly articles, which is essential for the analysis and exploration of highly related research findings in scientific literature.	1
Blume, Department of Psychology, VCLS 208L, Washington State University, Vancouver, WA 98686.	0
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
See supplemental materials for an example of the raw data generated automatically in this report.	0
Per cent of articles and citations of psychologists rank ordered in terms of productivity (based on published data by Dennis)	0
Indeed, no such intrinsic study has been made earlier to depict the synergic growth and orientation of scholarly behavior, thereby many other aspects of the new coronavirus research─hence this sincere effort.	1
From the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Kansas Health System, Kansas City, KS.	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2018	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (*):-, 2013	0
This study approaches this duality by utilizing librarian-created open access journal evaluation tools to examine library science publications for quality and credibility.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC part of Springer Nature 2021	0
The exact values will not be critical to our main point that changing incentives can lead to a structural change.	0
The authors have further improved the original Borda count to render it suitable for evaluating the impact of journals (i.e., standardization).	1
Brought to you by | New York University Bobst Library Technical Services	0
We did not code the law reviews for nontechnical law and economics because it would be very difficult to identify such work from a brief inspection of the article.	0
Comparison of NIH-funded grant applications relating to endoscopy, liver disease, Helicobacter pylori, and cardiac catheterization from 1972 to 2002.	0
The respective ORs for these two variables are shown in Table 3.	0
The lack of a significant difference in the average hIa-index between associate and full professors offers a useful illustration of how this new index can offer some degree of control for career length in the evaluation of research performance, at least at more senior ranks.	1
This trend is representative of the entire higher education research field in Asia, where the schism between research approaches in higher education argued emphatically by Macfarlane (2012) is empirically confirmed in our study.	1
This is the first study to do so and by adopting this new methodological perspective, we find an extraordinary continuity in the methods and instruments that scientists develop and improve over time and enable us to create new theories, breakthroughs and fields of science.	1
Total publications by origin for the two periods, indicating fewer articles from the United States/Canada and European Union countries, and more publications from non-European Union countries, from Pacific/Oceania, and other countries.	0
Despite our improvement in understanding the implementation gap in conservation science, one of the oldest barriers remains resolutely in place—the fact that much of the scientific literature is only accessible by subscription or pay-per-view download (Harnad et al.	1
Grooming at least a quarter of the Indian journals to international quality offering multiple alternative publication channels to authors who fall easy prey to predatory publishers is the first pragmatic step in that direction.	1
As existing techniques do not use the internal logical sections of research articles, the current study conducted experiments to evaluate this novel approach on detecting the similarity and relevance between documents.	1
This study may be among the first to theoretically argue and empirically substantiate the complex relationships among number of research areas, academic collaboration, dependence on external knowledge, and scientific productivity.	1
Although these types of studies have resulted in valuable insights for improving and monitoring societal impact, the way scientists respond to impact policies appears to receive little attention.	1
Page models were graphed for clarity, because results were similar for each model.	0
Thank you to Elizabeth Westlake for discussions, advice and calculations relating to REF sub-panel issues.	0
The unique contribution that our methodology makes is to show that the academic librarians with faculty status and tenure-track appointments are not only publishing more but are publishing more in journals that can be considered high-impact or influential using at least one of four measurements.	1
This study's principal advantage lies in its pre-post design, since, to the best of our knowledge, it is the first study to compare the citations received by retracted articles before retraction against those received during an equivalent postretraction period of time.	1
We thank David Arundel for informative discussions on the Ringelmann effect.	0
Finally, we want to spell out one caution: although researcher level method is easy to understand and the underlying idea is also widely used to assess researcher’s scientific impact (e.g., some researchers might claim that their publications have high impact because they are cited by certain researchers with high scientific impact), it has the potential risk of credit misallocation.	0
It is argued that this shift of emphasis has a distorting effect on the uses of citations, and that the more important these metrics become, the more distorting it is.	1
This idea has its origins in biblio- metrics [7] and in the study of social networks [8].	0
Acknowledgements The financial support provided to Maria Victoria Uribe Bohorquez by FEDER and Junta de Castilla y León (Grant BU069P20) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.	0
2 https://genderize.io, encompasses 216,286 unique names from 79 countries and is spread across 89 languages.	0
Every department is counted as many times as the number of scientific areas in which it is active (with more than 30 products).	0
Thus, the interview unfolds as a constant series of choices that interviewees make between potential answers, whereby latent background assumptions and dispositions of the habitus guide this choice.	0
Luisa Ruge-Jones (Ph.D., University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign) is an assistant professor in the Department of Communication at the University of Dayton, USA.	0
The solution to the stale and less relevant platforms should involve a digital disruption of how we share and disseminate information.	1
CONTACT Sandra Lopez-Leon Sandra.lopez@novartis.com Global Drug Development Patient Safety One Health Plaza, East Hanover, NJ, USA.	0
contexts which subsume the underlying rules of the scientific language as much as a sentence subsumes the underlying syntactic rules of the natural language in which it is formulated.	1
The conjecture that dense and segregated areas tend to superpose whatever the type of network, especially words and citation, while local divergences are more likely to appear in low gradient areas, may alleviate delineation tasks.	1
Laboratory for Studies of Research and Technology Transfer, School of Engineering, Department of Management, University of Rome “Tor Vergata", Via del Politecnico 1, 00133 Rome, Italy	0
Firstly, it showed the dynamics of evaluation criteria in various phases of the grant allocation process, not only with regard to the final outcomes.	1
*These schemes are described at the end of the Method Section under the heading "Sensitivity Analysis."	0
However, despite the fact that a substantial number of publications are available on the different aspects of shale gas, very few bibliometric analyses has been performed on shale gas literature, resulting in the lack of information on the global research trend of shale gas and the level of research contributions in the field is unknown or poorly documented.	1
More than 40% of preprints cited in the major medical journals were in fact already published at the time of publication of the citing article.	1
Pardo-Guerra 2022), and of unintended consequences (for overviews, see Gillies 2008; Brassington 2022; Pinar and Horne 2022; Watermeyer and Derrick 2022).	0
The quantitative relationships among Ulrichs, JCR, SJR, and GS are presented in Fig.	0
The same properties are found here as in the previous case, although the data are completely different.	0
Keywords: scholarly publishing; open access; academic associations; journals; political science; Canada	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The article will conclude by arguing that drawing upon qualitative approaches, particularly a complimentary reframing of the unit of analysis with a focus on particular users as case studies, can ameliorate these issues and strengthen the insight of multi-platform social media studies.	1
To that end, incentives to sole or co-author work may vary organizationally, a topic that prior research has not addressed.	1
Hence, there is no overlap of clusters and there are no publications without a cluster assignment.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
To the best of our knowledge, this work represents the first attempt to rank scientific papers in decreasing order of potential usefulness taking both topical contents and age of documents into consideration.	1
On the other hand, the current study provides much richer set of university-specific variables taking into account variables of financial and infrastructural resources of universities.	1
Normalization of zero-inflated data: An empirical analysis of a new indicator family and its use with altmetrics data.	0
By examining the citation frequency and themes of AHRD award-winning journal articles, we are able to determine the extent to which these publications contributed to the HRD field and broader academic disciplines, as well as to assess how to improve the quality of academic and scholarly papers.	1
Frank et al. (2019) introduced a new approach to study the bibliometric evolution of AI research and its related fields from 1950 to 2019 using the Microsoft Academic Graph.	1
Thus, this work informs the micro-foundations of the innovations literature by bringing individual level data to a question typically focused on the publication, patent, or organization as the unit of analysis.	1
1 Records in the SCI/SSCI databases were categorized as one of the thirty-two (32) ISI document types.	0
Corresponding author: Chris Brooks, ICMA Centre, Henley Business School, University of Reading, Whiteknights, Reading RG6 6BA, UK; tel: (+44) 118 378 7809; e-mail: C.Brooks@reading.ac.uk	0
In Section 2 we provide the necessary background on the structure of the Italian university system and the National Scientific Qualification rules.	0
Keywords Research trend · Altmetrics · Springer · Realtime · Scientometrics · Download	0
In Table 2, we provided a step-by-step and transparent overview of the present research steps.	0
* Although the list initially included 32 publications, 1 did not meet the study inclusion criteria.	0
To address these research gaps, we propose an analytical framework based on information ecosystem theory and structural hole theory, including a modified GCN method for unsupervised community detection tasks, to study HVBSCH in online social networks.	1
We propose a new indicator to measure balance in collaboration (BIC) which is based on the Gini evenness index for a weighted Lorenz curve.	1
As such, it represents the first proof of concept of how also local social media sources can be incorporated in the altmetric study of also local scholarly journals.	1
This article aimed to fill a gap in our understanding of whether rewards can be beneficial for peer review, and particularly non-monetary rewards.	1
Note: The color shade of the countries ranks them by the number of articles published	0
All values are expressed as the mean ± SD unless noted otherwise.	0
However, the geographical evolution of environmental engineering journals has not been studied yet.	1
Number of references per journal cited in the 5 most recent blog posts for the 126 blogs.	0
Key words: veterinary medical schools and colleges, faculty recognition, research awards, teaching awards	0
Section III describes the dataset and research methods; Section IV discusses the main findings; Section V highlights the limitations of the study; and Section VI concludes with a discussion of policy and management implications.	0
A word embedding-based method is used to measure topical similarity between the citing paper and the cited paper.	1
We use this new approach to analyze collaborations among top Chinese universities.	1
Table 2 The 52 kinds of relationships among the three selected perspectives	0
This study presents a model and methodology that can be used to characterize emergent topics within the broad context of all of science.	1
Key: Disclosed ?; Preferably disclosed ~ ?; No preference ~; Preferably concealed ~?; Concealed ?.	0
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Department of Information Resources Management, School of Public Affairs, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310058, Zhejiang, China	0
The model also innovates with respect to the existing literature in other ways, which provide rich comparative statics and increased ability to compare the model to empirical observations on journals in different disciplines.	1
This study contributes to answering this question, by showing which factors correlate with getting a tenured professorship in German political science.	1
Dr Ailawadi has served as a consultant for Abbott, Med- tronic, Edwards Lifesciences, and Cephea Valve Technolo- gies.	0
This work is supported by the Social Science and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC) Insight Grant #435-2019-0019, 2019-2022.	0
There are different perspectives on trends in state-of-the-art papers of the research trend studies.	0
Such tools are usually no proof of plagiarism and can only gauge the similarity of each pair of codes, leaving the decision about plagiarism to the human user.	0
In fact, this diversity becomes even more apparent as we move further down the ranking.	0
Implicitly, we have so far assumed risk-neutrality with respect to payoffs.	0
They do not necessarily reflect the views or official positions of the European Commission, the European Research Council Executive Agency or the ERC Scientific Council.	0
The inputs of the model are the word lists extracted from titles and abstracts of articles after we remove the stop words.	0
While others have evaluated interdisciplinary in a top-down funding-oriented ex ante manner or a result-oriented ex post manner, this focus paper intends to create a framework that enables the measurement of interdisciplinary understanding within a group.	1
For ease of understanding, Table 5 in Appendix 1 reports an example with the number of authors Am = 10.	0
First, we review research on the relationship between funding and international research collaboration.	0
The results of the logit regressions are available from the author upon request.	0
Received: 28 October 2022 / Accepted: 27 February 2023 / Published online: 30 March 2023	0
Corresponding Author and Reprints: Ms Liz Wager, Sideview, 19 North Street, Bishop's Castle, Shropshire SY9 5AA, UK (e-mail: liz@sideview.demon.co.uk).	0
Previous basics: Details and additional information on the scientometric principles and procedures underlying the data outlined in this flash can be found in the following publi- cations:	0
Key words: astronomical databases: miscellaneous – history and philosophy of astronomy	0
To address this gap, we elucidate the trajectories of academic mobility for 734 Nobel laureates and how their migratory patterns change in different geopolitical eras by establishing a life-course database encompassing NLs in science and economics from 1901 to 2023.	1
We do so because we feel that these previous axiomatizations have limitations.	1
Another way to think about the ablation study is that it demonstrated that it is possible to create good rankings algorithmically without needing manual tuning.	1
Interestingly, different from previous studies based on citation analysis, this paper finds that high-quality research (represented by the number of articles published in prestigious journals) is promising in China.	1
This essay identifies and discusses these factors in a systematic fashion, concluding with a new definition of text recycling that takes these factors into account.	1
Current state-of-the-art depicts that there is no standard benchmark available to determine the optimum parameter to find the most influential author of a specific domain.	1
To address these challenges, we focus on knowledge production in mathematics and use a unique institutional feature of this discipline: the International Mathematical Olympiads (IMO), a prominent worldwide competition for high school students.	1
What fraction a of the journals with two articles do we have in this last group?	0
Importantly, we present evidence for a decline in citation accuracy between 1980 and 2019 in polar sciences.	1
From this study, the collaboration between Asia countries can be further improved to increase the publication volume of finite mixture model among Asia nations.	1
Here, we aim to shed light on how our committee approached this task, increase the transparency of the process, and detail the steps we took to mitigate systemic biases.	1
This paper contributes to the literature on alphabetical author order in economics (Einav and Yariv, 2006; Kadel and Walter, 2015; Levitt and Thelwall, 2013; Ray and Robson, 2018; Van Praag and van Praag, 2008).	1
It also provides a theoretical basis for patented technology development strategies, and contributes to rethinking the geography of innovation.	1
The findings also contribute figures related to the proportion of articles coauthored by researchers and practitioners, which are new to the literature.	1
2 Registrar, Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine, Berufsgenossenschaftliche Unfallklinik, Murnau am Staffelsee, Germany	0
We identified some significant points in F&V research where the EU27 predominate in terms of F&V papers, followed by the USA.	1
However, as shown in the present study, this equation is not only mathematically simple but explains reliably different aspects of growth of citation data, including trends of citation velocity and evaluation of maximum value of citation velocity at a particular time, in terms of its two parameters: the time constant Θ and the exponent q.	1
Releases of hazardous chemicals into the environment by manufacturing companies declined for the eighth straight year in 1995.	0
Third, this study provides a detailed comparison of article statistics (e.g., length, review time, citations, co-authors, etc.) that can impact the review process.	1
All of what follows will refer only to the Astronomy service.	0
In response to the research questions discussed above, this study distinguishes itself from existing methods of journal assessment because it attempts to account for the technological value of journals and to rank journals more comprehensively by using non-patent references (NPRs) in patents as the basis for examining journals' technological value (Narin and Noma 1985; Verbeek et al.	1
In sum, our research demonstrates that even a short explanation of the concept of preprints and their lack of peer review allows nonscientists who evaluate scientific findings to adjust their credibility perception accordingly.	1
Tel.: +1 970 491 7950; voice message: +1 970 297 0353; fax: +1 970 491 1889.	0
This study was not original in its use of SNA to examine publication behavior in communication, but it is useful because it relies on the method to illustrate that we must go beyond ranking communication researchers simply from the sum of their publications while ignoring the influence that journal centrality and breadth may play in placing prolific scholars.	1
Beyond anecdotal evidence, however, there are no published accounts of the experiences of editors and authors of bilingual journals with the process of bilingual publication.	1
First, it constructs a framework for mapping the quantitative results into experts' judgements.	1
The numbers enclosed by the square brackets are the SPC values.	0
1Technical University of Munich, Munich Center for Technology in Society (MCTS), 80333 Munich, Germany and	0
1 History of Science and Documentation Department, University of Valencia, Blasco Ibá?ez, 17, 46010 Valencia, Spain	0
Received January 20, 2011; revised February 16, 2011; accepted March 8, 2011	0
This study contributes to the literature by introducing another possible way for interdisciplinary research, boundary crossing.	1
Therefore, it would be worthwhile to set up a rank for scientific journals based on the citations of patents, so the percentage of articles cited in patents with Field-Weighted Citation Impact (FWCI) >1, and as an indicator of scientific transfer from universities or research centres, the transference index in patents (TIP) is also proposed.	1
The conventional bibliometric method centers on output and citation analysis, while the newly developed bibliometric analysis not only evaluates the scholarly outputs of authors and countries, but also identifies the temporal evolution of research patterns and analyzes international collaboration network and geographic distribution (Zhang et al.	1
Key words: performance-based funding; incentives; research performance; performance indicators; research evaluation	0
Comparison of our characterization of the distribution of research subjects over countries with the distribution of biological species suggests that scientodiversity is analogous structurally to biodiversity.	1
Journal impact factor (IF) is a measure that reflects the average citation numbers of a recent publication in a Journal.	0
Our contribution stems from studying interactions among internal and external organizations associated with a URC with user facilities.	1
I contend that university-based fisheries programs are in fact facing the risk of extinction.	1
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
Our analysis may inform authors, editors and publishers where to submit work, what editorial policy to pursue and what journal strategy to follow, respectively.	1
However, relevant literature is fragmented and this calls for a review to ascertain its development and research evolution especially in the area of disaster risk management (DRM).	1
Instead of deleting nodes representing highly cited papers from the citation network, our method is to remove edges directed to those highly cited papers, which could retain all the node information and meanwhile reduce the impact of highly cited papers.	1
In summary, our investigations into the GFT and the temporal dynamics of centrality at the departmental scale make three contributions:	1
The project has been funded with support from the European Commission.	0
First, there is still an important feature of the data that should be mentioned.	0
Important elements of programme evaluation and the possible utility of S&T indicators	0
Received 16 November 2021; Received in revised form 6 April 2022; Accepted 10 April 2022	0
Table 2 Mean values of impact and collaboration by funding sector and area (weighted samples with FA, WOS 2008-2013)	0
Therefore, the proposed method provides not only one input article (primary article) but also additional articles related to it as an input query to determine the search intention of the user, based on the relationship between two query articles.	1
This work examined, for the first time, the citation characteristics of an important field of computer science, namely computer systems.	1
Though, there is still a lack of well-established linkages between the clear conceptual definition of emerging research topics and the proposed indicators for operationalization.	1
This study provides an updated and comprehensive glimpse of the trends in research in Philippine neurology.	1
Received January 8, 2016; revised April 22, 2016; accepted May 11, 2016	0
Our results demonstrate the assembly of junior leaders and senior leaders in shared leadership can also bring high citation influence for teams.	1
This paper seeks to fill some of these gaps.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report that showed clearly the contributions of Chinese authors in major regions of China-ML, HK and TW-to the worldwide research in the field of respirology.	1
The normalized Eigenfactor was the only global impact factor index that correlated highly with local journal metrics.	1
mobility that are more likely to improve research-career capital.	1
This is especially true of chemical engineering, which has been subjected to relatively little citation analysis.	0
Indicators of bias to collaborate nationally in the range 0–20 (France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, UK).	0
The following numeric examples of realistic values for Cj,i can serve as an illustration:	0
As far as we are aware this is the first time someone has linked these data to test the validity of the peer review led assessment of research outputs through REF.	1
231) notes: “although the evaluation of research is important when it comes to making investment decisions in research and ensuring the effectiveness of the national innovation system, note that research is, by its very nature, dealing with what we do not know."	0
Based on that, our study contributes to the measuring of scientific relatedness and intellectual base by employing knowledge element co-occurrence network and paper citation networks.	1
has acted as an adviser to manufacturers of smoking cessation medications.	0
The word “center” might be misleading, as every consortium is made up of a number of research teams from various parent organizations.	0
We propose a new approach to recommend scientific literature, a domain in which the efficient organization and search of information is crucial.	1
The diversity of referenced WoS categories is measured by Shannon entropy (Yan, 2016)	0
It enables to work, helps building social networks and promotes integration, whereas on the other hand side integration ultimately leads to better health outcomes [20].	0
The (hypothetical) effect of a mobility event on productivity might be visualized as shown in Fig.	0
It constructs measurement indexes of enterprise DTI, including digital innovation attention, digital innovation input, and digital innovation outcome (patent), which overcomes the shortcomings of the existing literature on measuring DTI.	1
Firstly, the results, for the first time, demonstrate, on the basis of our PubPeer data, that Post-Publication Peer Review (PPPR) operates independently of publication access status, dispelling concerns of bias from this perspective.	1
The exact meaning of citations in a scholarly article is debatable.	0
The article frames this as a systemic knowledge issue at a global scale that cannot be remedied by a simple reform to academic publishing.	1
Comparing literature growth and annual percentage of implicit citations to Nash across subject areas.	0
Hence, it's necessary to assess them on a large dataset.	1
Scott Long; Department of Sociology; Washington State University; Pullman, WA 99164.	0
R, Ranking; Journal abbreviations are available in Table 3; TCES, Total citation of article; C/Y, Citations per year indicator.	0
This finding supports the idea that AAS provides a unique perspective on the impact of research, as it captures information not captured by traditional metrics.	1
Research efficiency curves for the entire pool of principal investigators as the function of equivalent time and principal investigator’s A-index respectively.	0
Thus, there has been no comprehensive bibliometric study in the sports medicine and arthroscopy disciplines for many bibliometric variables (especially geographic region, author gender, corresponding author position, number of references, citations, and manuscript length), particularly over a 30 year time span.	1
Two information items with the same intersection to the query, but a different degree of correspondence.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:173272 []	0
Further, we clearly defined a meaningful change in rank and determined what should be considered “noise” along the entire national university category.	1
Consequently, this study proposed a new approach based on the concept proposed by Uddin et al.	1
The generalisation of the research findings forms a basis for the preparation of an additional indicator covering the use of consortium journals and local citations.	1
Downloaded from www.methods-online.com on 2015-01-14 | ID: 1000471717 | IP: 132.174.255.116	0
To address the research gap, our study aims to explore several key dimensions of the social dynamics in co-authorship practices.	1
This is the first attempt to analyze altmetric data of the contemporary literature in Endodontology.	1
Firstly, this manuscript is the only one that uses an indicator that measures the degree of ordering of a list of authors.	1
To investigate the effect of competitive incentives under peer review, we designed a novel experimental setup called the Art Exhibition Game.	1
This manuscript was presented orally at the Craniofacial Society of Great Britain and Ireland Annual Conference 2012, Bristol, United Kingdom, on April 27, 2012.	0
This research is different due to considering the orientation towards interdisciplinarity by researchers when pitching their projects for funding.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, bibliometric approach was not previously used to analyze the publications of Journal of Nursing Management.	1
In this study, I propose alternatively to consider the sciences not primarily in terms of the belief systems of actors, but as systems of rationalized expectations to which agents and organizations have reflexive access and can thus contribute to their restructuring (Husserl 1929, [1935/36] 1962; Luhmann 1990a).	1
Note: ** denotes correlation was significant at the 0.01 level (two-tailed).	0
This study was aimed at providing evidence of the effects of collaboration among unequal partners on their research priorities.	1
Overall library circulation (books and serials) at Duke increased by approximately 10% from 1999 to 2000 but was essentially the same in 1999 and 2001 at 5 million transactions (Association of Research Libraries, 2002).	0
(See article by David Webster and Tad Skinner on page 22.)	0
Although previous studies have found significant positive correlations between counts of Mendeley readers and citation counts for journal articles, it is not known if this is equally true for conference papers.	1
Old Castletown Road, Douglas, Isle of Man IM2 1QB, via United Kingdom	0
What then are the useful quantitative indicators of scientific research performance, and social science research in particular.	0
Simon 1996), which permits greater internal and external heterogeneity and complexity than autocratic governance permits.	1
Please indicate for each item below, the importance of the information to the decision you would actually make as a reviewer for the journal.	0
In conclusion, this study shows that expanding the depth of data in ABCA can improve its analysis effect, revealing that it is feasible and meaningful to apply CCA further in promoting precision bibliometrics.	1
The essay has been organized in the following way: a summary and critique of the findings are given in Section 1.	0
Fraction of article titles containing a given number of most frequently occurring terms.	0
It also allows us to explore in more detail how differences in economic priority and research expenditure interplay with research output.	1
the current paper works with the entire Web of Science, 2.	1
#Some respondents did not include date of birth; one to three values missing in mean calculation.	0
c Studies that are limited in terms of both publications and contributors	0
This study showed that self-citation is much rarer in pediatric journals as compared to other fields of medicine.	1
Cita- tions, in the form of cited references, say more about the citing unit than citations about the cited unit.	1
Accordingly, this study drew on a large dataset and utilized finer classifications to identify non-author entities who were answerable for retractions for various reasons (i.e., retraction-engendering acts).	1
The establishment of a coupling relationship with the help of Derwent classification codes can open up a new dimension of patent coupling analysis.	1
One possible explanation could be the extreme urgency of making research output widely accessible.	0
Nevertheless, although previous studies have investigated whether the apparent advantage of collaboration varies by country, discipline, and number of co-authors, this study introduces a more fine-grained method to identify differences: the geometric Mean Normalized Citation Score (gMNCS).	1
Table 1 Descriptive Information for Publication Rates by Journal for Unique Authors Listed	0
Our study is based on comprehensive data from publications in all areas of mathematics research between 1970 and 2013.	1
Foreign partners also benefit from higher impact factors in the same topic cluster, when collaborating with Brazilian partners.	1
As far as the authors' know, the pathogen impact was for first time also measured using indicators other than H-index (M quotient, A-index, G-index, HG-index and G/H ratio).	1
Variations in grant reporting between institutions prevented a specific analysis of the dollar amount of awards over time.	0
Our study is the first, to the best of our knowledge, to show differences in perceived ethical climate at a medical school compared to other schools at a university.	1
The bolded numbers on the bars show the total number of publications.	0
This article proposes a simple, practical framework for making the contributions of technicians transparent, quantifiable and visible to institutions, funding agencies, and the research community.	1
Citation: Han, G.; Luo, R.; Sa, K.; Zhuang, M.; Li, H.	0
For better visualization, we apply a logarithmic scale in the vertical axes.	0
Scientific production modes of Mexican science during the first half of the 20th century.	0
The category “character” seems to be a particular discovery of this research, since this type of profile was not found in previous researches, either because they did not find it or perhaps because of methodological choice.	1
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
This concentration of funding in a few clusters of excellence (i.e.	1
It is for these reasons and others that I propose that TrM is not best analyzed solely as an epistemic intervention.	1
For a discussion about the choice of a direction to approach the efficient frontier, see F?re, Grosskopf, and Margaritis (2008).	0
In one of our experiments, for the years 1946–2008, we choose a smoothing of 5.	0
At the outset, we note that our statistical models establish correlation only.	0
And similarly for the results reported under columns (3) and (4) and (7) and (8) respectively.	0
Although both ratios could represent the difference, we used a new single indicator, Ratio V ranging from 0 to 1, to represent the difference between the two classifications:	1
Table 2 Iran's Impact compared to the world's in Engineering & Material Science	0
This paper uses empirical research data and theoretical insights from the literature on governance to problematise some of the arguments presented in the research assessment literature, in particular, the description of the UK RAE/REF as a mechanism for top-down control with strongly negative, blanket-impacts on disciplines, institutions and individual researchers.	1
As both login demographics and interdisciplinary use are collected, correlated evidence of patterns of use emerge, resulting in a more accurate picture of activity.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:305060 []	0
She has worked in the Provincial Library Services in KwaZulu-Natal and as the University of Natal Archivist and Subject Librarian in the University of KwaZulu-Natal Library.	0
The surveys were distributed to all faculty in the LSI and ethical permission was obtained from the UBC Behavioural Research Ethics Board.	0
Kaplan-Meier failure function plot with 95% confidence interval for the proportion of POM articles receiving a first citation from another article after publication.	0
1 Centre for Ageing, Neuroscience and the Humanities, Trinity College Dublin, Trinity Centre for Health Science, Tallaght University Hospital, Dublin D24 NR0A, Ireland	0
Previous studies on the topic are scarce, and, therefore, this paper provides useful recommendations to library and information science (LIS) schools, libraries and universities to improve research productivity of their academic librarians in Tanzania and other countries with a similar setting.	1
Full details of the methodology may be found in Duque et al.	0
Until now, there is no in-depth scientometric analysis on this issue that encompasses the interval between 1963 and 2014.	1
The best we can do is to divide our attention by dividing our time between two or more tasks, and only if we have the time to divide.	0
The Emerald Research Register for this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/researchregister	0
We extend our sincere gratitude to the reviewers for their insightful comments and constructive feedback, which have significantly enhanced the quality of this manuscript.	0
These findings offer valuable insights into identifying hot and frontier topics, bolstering the credibility and application potential of the NoveltyU method, aligning with the broader objective of establishing valid measures of innovativeness in research.	1
Finally, advantages and limitations of the new tool are discussed in Section 4.	0
In this paper, we have presented a novel framework for exploring knowledge structure of any given research domain.	1
The following section starts by describing the sociodemographic features of the sample.	0
We propose a draft template (Table 4) that could align with and extend the “REAPPRAISED" checklist for publication integrity (Grey et al.	1
An art historian may not formally cite such works as Guernica or Mona Lisa.	0
Acknowledgements - This work is supported by the H2020-ICT-2015/H2020-ICT-2015 TESLA project An Adaptive Trust-based e-assessment System for Learning, Number 688520.	0
b Department of Mechanical Engineering, National Taiwan University, Roosevelt Road, No.	0
The hooked power law did not always fit the bootstrapped samples from this subject (see Section 4.2).	0
After this the strive for high impact publications will be examined, firstly by identifying the period in which this became an important evaluation criterion, secondly by looking at variables contributing to the impact of scholarly papers by means of a non-structured literature study, and lastly by combining these data into a quantitative analysis.	1
Since this study is the first to explore the citation impact of OA and non-OA journals in the subject of health and medical science published in India, it offers theoretical implication for examination of citation impact of OA and non-OA journals in other subjects.	1
2 Department of Urology, University of Kansas Medical Center, Kansas City, MO, USA	0
In this study, we update our routines previously based on IPC for CPC and use the occasion for rethinking various parameter choices.	1
Our study aims to identify and examine the possible extent of scientific change in economic research topics after the global economic and financial crisis of 2007-2008.	1
Instead of speculating about potential impacts of research, we argue that current productive interactions of researchers with societal stakeholders improve the probability that future societal impact will occur.	1
NATURE HUMAN BEHAVIOUR 1, 0078 (2017) | DOI: 10.1038/s41562-017-0078 | www.nature.com/nathumbehav	0
Finally, we have included Complementary Material (available at http://hdl.handle.net/10481/22587) in order to enrich the analysis and provide the reader with further information.	0
Still, a detailed, historical understanding of hiring dynamics lacks in many academic fields.	1
As prediction of paradigm shift is a value added knowledge discovery exercise with tremendous applications including those in scientometrics, planning and policy making, the significant contribution of this work is that it unlocked the potential of an existing metric so that its applicability is substantially raised to address the task of prediction of paradigm shifts, for which we have got much closer.	1
We further contribute to this literature by including interaction terms between language and different dimensions of proximity in the analysis.	1
The authors are grateful to the associate editor and referees for their very helpful comments.	0
However, the data available on Publons, has the added advantage of including researcher and reviewer numbers.	1
21 Not surprising, if we consider the varied readership the review claims to have (www.elsevier.com).	0
To compare the curves visually, the sample sizes were normalized to 100	0
Herein, we have utilised the unique resources of Publons to see how researchers and peer reviewers from the top most universities and institutions in Central Asia are represented.	1
Note(s): Total link strength was calculated by VOSviewer on the basis of co-authorship networks.	0
Table 4: Nordic Wittgenstein Review double-blind peer review procedure in numbers	0
This finding is surprising and novel to the anti-doping literature.	1
Some limitations to the study are acknowledged, while issues for future research are outlined.	0
11For example, if n = 10,000, after sorting the values in ascending order, the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles of the distribution fall at positions 250 and 9,751.	0
This is the first bibliometric analysis performed on literature pertaining to facial plastic and reconstructive surgery, and the articles identified from this analysis provide an overview of some of the most fundamental developments in the field.	1
Our work has made the following contributions: First, unlike conventional research, which identifies motivation for citing literature, we target a more nuanced understanding of knowledge used patterns in academic research.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
(2014) have recently introduced a scientometric technique i.e.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s10734-017-0142-0) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Communicating the Ethos of Reasonableness in the Authorship of Natural Sciences	0
Despite the significant contributions of previous research in advancing our understanding of Sci-Hub usage and its implications, there remains a considerable gap in knowledge concerning the specific patterns and trends among Egyptian users.	1
Therefore, we proposed the literature knowledge convergence prediction model, which adds the measurement of the centrality of the main body in the network based on link prediction, so as to eliminate the influence of some external factors and make a more accurate prediction and judgment.	1
Using a series of steps in feature extraction, SNA clustering, Sankey diagrams, and the forest plot, we compare research topics in journals, which has never been done before.	1
Given these research findings and considerations, the recent initiative by CoARA towards predominantly peer review evaluation systems raises several perplexities and concerns that policymakers should carefully address.	1
Ethics aprroval In this study, the data are all from the WOS database.	0
This reveals both another level of ‘nationalism' and a variety of responses to it internationally.	1
These data should also be used to challenge the predominant reliance on the IF to make promotion and funding decisions in the academic and research arenas.	1
The Gunnarsson paper is one of 28 references in the reference section (RE field) of the citing paper and was used as its basis.	0
In this paper, we take on the econometric challenge of identifying the effect of online access from unobserved quality.	1
The author received no financial support for the research, author-ship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Particularly, we argue that the strategic use and placement of key terms in the title, abstract and keyword sections can boost indexing and appeal.	1
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
%total pub represents the percentage of that country's total publications that are ICPs with China.	0
What is lacking is a systematic understanding of the functioning of excellence policies.	1
This study investigated how federal statistics is used in scholarly research, in a new type of citation analysis.	1
Using these indicators might support a better understanding of the actual character of transitions.	1
We are indebted to Sandra Phlippen for letting us use the data compiled for the ESB ranking.	0
Surprisingly, no descendants were identified for Carlos Chagas, probably because his descendants were clinical doctors and therefore were not classified as protozoologists according to the criteria used in this study.	0
In conclusion, our bibliometric analysis has yielded 2 detailed lists of the top 100 cited articles that were listed separately using different methods.	1
This article explores how early career researchers interpret and work with a range of different signals regarding extra-academic impact in the formation of their academic identity.	1
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
When the decision is made for a specific core element: pre-, post, or concurrent process;	0
Annual exponent for power-law relationship between size and recognition for the world science system	0
Our longitudinal study contributes to a better understanding of gender disparities in science in MENA which is catching up in terms of policy engagement and women representation.	1
This is the 1st research that compared the quantity and quality of publications in obstetrics and gynecology journals from Mainland China and the USA, England, Australia, Japan, Germany and France and provided a general picture of research output from these countries in this area.	1
1 Number of publications in pharmacology/pharmacy for the 11 countries 2001–2010	0
The bemusement grows when the investment that universities are putting into their repositories is considered.	0
This article contributes towards the literature on research evaluation, specifically on the scrutiny of indicators (Hicks et al.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that examines neurosurgery academic terms of productivity and visibility judiciously using both citations and altmetrics.	1
Mansfield is cautious about how valuable his studies are for making funding decisions.	0
However, only one other paper has investigated how the writing quality of academic papers affects the evaluations of scientists.	1
This article maps the academic production in these two areas, to define the main periodicals, authors and geographic regions covered, based on a bibliometric study with qualitative indicators.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=rajs20	0
There is ongoing interest in better integrating evidence at different stages of the policy making process.	0
In the “Topic modeling” section, the steps of topic modeling are explained.	0
Our recommendations are more detailed, focused and extensive than those provided by the COPE guidelines and we hope that they will be useful to the Committee on Publication Ethics and other stakeholders when updating future retraction guidelines.	1
We illustrated this argument by showing how the size or even existence of a gender gap in our study site depended on what was measured (articles only vs inclusion of books and book chapters), how it was measured (how outputs were weighted, co-authorship was fractionalized, and whether leaves of absence were accounted for), and who was included (how we chose to disaggregate).	1
See Table 4 and Figure 7 for a breakdown of mean differences for each subject area.	0
Details of the evolution, present coverage and shortcomings of these publications are given by Davinsons and to some degree by Urquhart.	0
Other researchers have described how author choices can be used for novel reexaminations of research fields—for example, Calcagno et al.’s (2012) use of “submit-failed-resubmit” sequences to show how author prepublication choices (especially cross-discipline choices) can reshape disciplines.	1
But change is difficult and academic institutions can be slow to adapt to changing circumstances.	0
The score sheet for a blinded sample is included as a supplementary table (see Supplementary Table 1).	0
Previously, researchers could only detect important publications in a particular area in a subjective way, but RPYS can address this issue in an objective manner, by analysing the references cited in publications of a particular research field.	1
The paper suggests that a battery of non-robust metrics selected by the higher education institutions could support a greatly reduced peer-reviewed exercise.	1
regression model assumptions hold foreachy; ∈ Y (y?	1
This new way of understanding research impact and its assessment permits researchers to be deliberate about the types of power they want to cultivate and can also allow science policymakers to better specify what kinds of impacts they wish to stimulate in return for making available those forms of power to researchers.	1
Publisher’s note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Number of received citations for the years' articles per each year (year of publication and all the following years).	0
Therefore, this study is a useful tool to assess past and current topical trends and citation practices of design scholarship and provide an awareness of the need to establish citation practices for design scholars.	1
The findings presented a unique opportunity to determine the current state of art in STEM librarianship research by using the most recent data gathered from seven prominent STEM library science journals.	1
Innovations in decision-making practice for allocation of funds in health research are emerging; however, it is not clear to what extent these are used.	1
1 We treat the journal Isis as source material and quote from its publications by referring to the journal, the publication year of the volume, and the page numbers.	0
Notes: Numbers in parentheses represent the position of each journal on the ranking of journals with the largest number of articles	0
To make this analytical methodology more readily available to other researchers, we have expanded the functionality of the R package BibPlots, which can be used to generate the beamplot for a publication set downloaded from the Web of Science [in the “Other File Format→ Tab-delimited (Win, UTF-8)” format].	1
The graph representing the collaborative social network had the following elements and properties.	0
With the analysis presented in this paper, we aim to contribute to the limited body of research on factors persistent to excellent research environments.	1
2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of University of Venice.	0
This suggests significant knowledge flow from computer science to information science, while the flow is not so significant in the opposite direction.	1
The authors would like to thank Roberto Leon-Gonzales of GRIPS for his support and advice throughout this project.	0
For this reason the design of a flexible and adaptable classification model for categorizing scientific literature is held to be an essential matter.	0
The "unit of analysis" is unique: no other study ranks "OM Departments."	1
Therefore, this study provides a dynamic method for ECE, contributing to a more accurate and refined understanding of the spatiotemporal dynamics of IUSS-ECE.	1
As a preliminary step, our methodological approach distinguishes itself by being the first, to our knowledge, to systematically identify creatively boundary-crossing publications in the field of econometrics over the last four decades.	1
One of the challenges in creating scientific networks is the lack of publicly available comprehensive data set.	1
University of the West Indies; Pan American Health Organization; University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	0
This paper presents a novel method to approximate the specialty to which a given publication record belongs.	1
Given the diversity of the MIS field, it is difficult at best to select a set of journals that is palatable to all MIS scholars.	0
The authors thank the editor and an anonymous referee for constructive comments.	0
This study addresses the limitations present in most existing research on international trade networks of products, which predominantly focus on static network, hindering the accurate depiction of dynamic changes in products characterized by growth and high volatility.	1
They ask rhetorically, If an article is considered to be a high-quality scientific contribution, then why does it generate only a few citations?	0
D. candidate at the School of Systems Science, Beijing Normal University, Beijing.	0
Although there have been a few published review articles in this domain (for instance, [25], [26], [27]), concentrating on the specific applications of generative Al such as in education, healthcare, or across industries [28], to the best of our knowledge, none of them looked into the scholarly structure and evolution of generative AI scholarly research itself.	1
The latter made it possible to raise the question of a systematic comparative analysis of ISSN statistics by country and language over a 30-year period of time (1991–1998, 2014–2021).	1
Summary of the data that were used for the bibliometric analysis.	0
1 A paper in biology is more likely to be cited by one in biology or clinical medicine than by one in architecture.	0
The intermediate results obtained lead us to formulate hypotheses on the relation between the IMRaD structure and certain semantic categories.	1
The findings in [23] show the same pattern that small publishers publishing non-APC journals are the ones most likely to have problems, as this study does.	1
The literature on the factors that affect the level of Open Access policies in universities is practically non-existent.	1
This paper is part of the Journal of Construction Engineering and Management, ?	0
Our study offers two main contributions to the literature.	1
This study is one of the first to perform a bibliometric analysis of the 30-year scientific output of the FWI and the DR.	1
Our results highlighted some valuable insights of Industry 4.0 literature in Vietnam.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This work was supported by the National Education Science Foundation of China under Grant DIA180383.	0
The first part of this study demonstrates how policy mentions can help in showing the broader impact of economics, where a large share of the mapped publications has at least one policy mention.	1
This study is the tip of the iceberg and many further research questions can be asked.	0
They not only unfolded the trends and focus areas of research usually characterized by CARs-related review studies (Erkens et al.	1
We first focus on the effect of the SDS on the response variables and, then, we provide details of the effects of the control variables.	0
This is because the required data can be retrieved from a single literature database.	0
Second, it shows the development trace in the platform research, which assists scholars deeply understand the evolution in this field and then recognize new directions.	1
Likewise, histograms were created (continuous quantitative variables) and sequence graphs (temporal series).	0
Excluded are the professional degrees—chiropody, podiatry, dentistry, medicine, optometry, osteopathy, veterinary medicine, and law.	0
6 Number of publications per year with the term “calmodulin” in the title	0
Contrary to prior research, we focus on addressing the second research question: what is the role of government assistance in the relationship between facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation and research productivity?	1
As the understanding of dominant methodologies has an implication on a researcher's reputation and promotion (Hanson & Grimmer, 2007), identifying such techniques is important.	0
Specifically, by focusing on fine-grained method entities related to data-driven, this study explores the evolution of research methods within the field from a more detailed perspective, offering a new viewpoint for this research field.	1
This study assesses the evolution of the research systems of Hong Kong and Singapore over 20 years, based on sets of bibliometric and science indicators in a longitudinal format to better understand how their scientific wealth has evolved.	1
We thank Dirk Helbing for his support, Marius Beceanu for fruitful discussions, and Marc Barthélémy for his useful comments.	0
He is or has been on the editorial board of several journals.	0
The focus of this study was articles published by LIS authors in non-LIS journals across various disciplines.	0
This study provides the first systematic analysis of the topics of published anaesthesia research.	1
This study aims to answer the question whether the time has come for preprints in chemistry, as compared to the analysis by geneticist Bhalla for biology preprints in early 2016.	1
This final article is available for use under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 2.0 Licence; see http://bmjopen.bmj.com	0
The promotion and tenure decision-making process is perhaps the most critical and most unpredictable part of the scholarly publishing process.	0
After these procedures, several data analysis methods are employed on M'', including factor analysis, network analysis, multi-dimensional scaling, clustering analysis, and others.	0
This is the biggest difference of input information between our research and recent other studies since it does not utilize short-term-citation frequency to predict the citations of scientific papers, and therefore the results are applicable and instant when the input information is limited.	1
The NI does not use a mix of different indicators to compute a sum score.	0
Since the journals are novel in the field, these provide a clearer view of the existence or absence of gender bias in the field.	1
Thus, we organize what we call Constructed Study Sections (CSSs; see Methods) to gain access into what both Chubin and Hackett (1990) and Lamont (2009) refer to as the ‘black box’ of peer review.	0
University of Antwerp, IBW, Venusstraat 35, City Campus, 2000 Antwerpen, Belgium.	0
The metrics used in this paper and their applicability are listed in Table 1 and discussed below.	0
No prior research endeavor has integrated this variable (WIPO patent as a proxy for the computation of semiconductors) in the research analysis.	1
We would like to thank the staff of Flinders University Medical Library for their assistance with the search terms utilized in this paper.	0
These include the exact number of ORCIDs per article and the percentage of authors with ORCIDs in PubMed, or the percentage of articles with ORCIDs in journals indexed in PubMed.	1
*Corresponding Author: Asghar Ebadifar, DDS, MSd; Dentofacial Deformities Research Center, Department of Orthodontics, Dental School, Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.	0
The adjusted frequency in the age of four is calculated as follows:	0
However, no previous studies have addressed how this service was populated since their origins from a longitudinal view, discussing their implications for research evaluation.	1
Researchers have assessed author contributions in the medical literature and other research fields, but similar data for the field of ecological research are lacking.	1
(2016) by evaluating a broader set of online social media and predictors.	1
This research provides a basic understanding of how boundary objects can be represented in large-scale analysis of citations.	1
This short and intense life and the subsequent aging process have always fascinated information scientists and bibliometricians, as far back as the seminal article by Gross and Gross in 1927.	0
Taken together, this study's findings have shown that Bourdieu's field theory and the correlated methodology of GDA can serve the purpose of “transdisciplinary bibliometric research," to use the term recently proposed by Kajikawa (2022).	1
Therefore, the notion of Highlights, a novel introductory section included in academic publications, has been proposed to directly emphasise the novelty and value of research articles to improve article retrieval and knowledge dissemination.	1
Second, we use Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) (Berndt and Clifford, 1994) and K-medoids (Kaufman and Rousseeuw, 2009), a clustering technique based on time-series data, to uncover and categorize the patterns of scientific creativity.	1
Global Research Institute of Paris (GRIP), Université de Paris, 45 rue des Saints-Pères, 75006 Paris, France	0
Sin embargo, no se ha realizado, hasta el momento, ninguna aplicación orientada a comparar la clasificación de las universidades en un ranking internacional con el desempe?o académico de sus estudiantes.	1
ARCADIA is the first checklist that has been systematically developed to assess the quality of peer-review reports.	1
The solution for these problems that we favored in this study was the application of the so-called "Latent Piecewise Growth Curve Model".	1
To our knowledge, there is a lack of an overall evaluation of the most-cited articles and hence of a comprehensive review of major research topics in neuroscience.	1
This analysis is expected to increase the possibility of successfully developing an education policy by checking, in advance, various perceptual differences that may occur in the development of national education policies and addressing risks.	1
The generalisation of the neo-liberal model has transformed research centres into companies (of varying performance and prosperity) and researchers themselves have become entrepreneurs in search of 'clients' and funding.	1
The details of implementing these techniques are discussed in Hummon and Doreian (1990).	0
Contrary to what most people might expect, and early studies have announced, that female scientists are hurt more by pandemic due to the increase in family care workload, we could observe that the plunge in production is not more severe for women than for men.	1
RQ2: No previous study seems to have investigated whether there are international similarities in gender citation advantages at the broad or narrow field level and so the positive answer to the second research question is unique.	1
It offers valuable information on the current state in a scientific field or discipline as well as indicate possible developments in the future.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Funding Open Access funding enabled and organized by CAUL and its Member Institutions.	0
The contributions of this paper are twofold: (a) we survey the existing approaches for plagiarism detection based on content, based on content and structure, and based on citations and references; and (b) we compare content and citation-based approaches with the goal of evaluating whether they are complementary and if their combination can improve the quality of the detection.	1
Our study indicates that, in general, sports medicine journals with the highest IFs tend to have editorial board members with higher h-indices than journals with lower IFs.	1
A timeframe of approximately 1 month was selected for feasibility purposes.	0
The finding of the importance of citation peak in identifying PEPs not only contributes but also raises awareness of the gap in the literature.	1
We suggest that a more meaningful metric should include not only workplace, but also research effort and success in obtaining research funding.	1
In this paper we define a framework that allows analysing the degree of interdisciplinarity of a research institution.	1
For reasons of simplicity, we consider in this study a group of publications sharing citations to one specific highly cited article as one consensus group.	0
1: SICRIS home page with the current numbers of research entities	0
Our main claim is that the mere coauthorship with a top scientist leads to a lasting competitive advantage in terms of impact.	1
The new Child Well-Being Research Network extends the fellowships network to a broader group of scholars and professionals to advance diversity, equity, inclusion, and justice in the field of child well-being research.	1
Therefore, when compared with the previous studies, technical contributions of PBC are to seamlessly integrate bibliographic coupling with the information collected from the context passages around important out-link citations, which are available in articles.	1
In this article, our main objective was to develop a method to discover and map fields of expertise in an emerging industry.	1
2 The most productive JCR Non-DOSM categories in the three periods studied with their indicators of output and impact (see bibliometric indicators in Table 1)	0
Acknowledgments I am grateful to Klaus Krippendorff for his further specification of the algorithm for the computation of maximum entropies in the case of ternary interaction terms.	0
Hence, we propose a new approach-drawing on a ranking of alternative recommendations of the already given referees—which differs quite substantially from the traditional approach using a third person's expertise in resolving conflicting recommendations.	1
More information on this can be found in Online Resource 1.	0
This work was commissioned and funded by the UK Department of Health.	0
We hope the roadmap we have provided in this case study will help other libraries begin the process of successfully passing open access policies on their campuses and grow the availability of open research online.	1
Universities are a key part of national, regional, and global systems of innovation (Carlsson & Mudambi, 2003).	0
Note: a 2016 statistics are reported in the 2017 JCR published by Clarivate Analytics [54,55]	0
Below, we present the methods for quantifying interdisciplinarity in general and cognitive science research.	0
Firstly, titles and abstracts of funded projects act as direct data sources for this study to assess both the topic structure and prior funded topics.	1
The study also provides a methodological and structural example for this genre of research in the future.	1
The last Section is conclusions and future works we intend to study in depth.	0
These are methodological issues that we seek to address in this paper.	1
The author co-citation analysis network helps highlight higher-order connectivity patterns among authors.	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Received June 29, 2005; revised January 15, 2006; accepted September 14, 2006	0
In Section 3, we describe the patentee assessment algorithm based on the heterogeneous patent innovation network.	0
The Microsoft Academic Graph, and the PubMed data are public available.	0
The goal of this study is to expand our empirical knowledge of diffusion by investigating the role of internal and external audiences in the spread of academic research.	1
We are grateful for comments by the editor, Daniel Sturm, and the two anonymous referees.	0
...but Tol (2009) was the first to offer a rigorous empirical test – albeit at the expense of replacing Merton's broad concept of "recognition" with the narrow notion of "number of citations".	1
?2018 ASIS&T Published online Month 0, 2018 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
This analysis is useful to identify the disciplines in which collaboration is more prominent (i.e.	0
Our study adds value to existing approaches by being of a more explorative nature, going beyond a single discipline, and having a broader take on societally targeted dimensions.	1
Figure 2 indicates the procedure for conducting a co-citation analysis to form an intellectual structure and its various representations of ABC in this study.	0
This analysis nonetheless finds many similar patterns in research productivity among the two countries, which suggests that there are really three main types of researchers that are common among the countries: those who produce little research and receive few citations (low overall productivity), those who produce a lot of research and receive a moderate amount of citations (high overall productivity), and those who produce a moderate amount of publications and receive a high amount of citations (high overall productivity).	1
The results of each experiment represent the average of the 10 runs.	0
In the interests of space, only one factor matrix is presented.	0
1 Departamento de Economía y Administración de Empresas, Universidad de Burgos, Burgos, Spain	0
Our evidence suggests that the growing preference of Al researchers to publish in topic-specific conferences over academic journals and the increasing presence of industry research pose a challenge to external researchers, as such research is particularly absent from references made by social scientists.	1
First, country citation distributions are highly skewed and very similar to each other in all fields.	1
This section starts with a review of the development of co-citation analysis, followed by recent studies that explored different methods to improve co-citation analysis with full-text articles.	0
The research presents knowledge management complemented by network analysis and scientometric methodologies.	1
Regenerative endodontics emerged as the second most common subspecialty for the first time in our analysis.	1
2 Homans, George C., English Villagers in the Thirteenth Century, Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1941.	0
A detailed explanation of the test procedure is provided in the next section.	0
We hope our findings will provide new insights into guiding the achievement of journal internationalization and promoting the development of national journals using bibliometric analysis.	1
One striking result of our analyses is that papers for which the first author is also the corresponding author perform much better throughout all stages of the manuscript review process.	1
This research provides a comprehensive domain visualization map of innovation and knowledge in the area of terahertz technology.	1
The visualization tool that is proposed in this research has great significance, in that a complete heterogeneous information network has been modeled that considers all relationships and attributes between major entities that compose complex bibliographic data, and explanatory entities that are directly connected to the papers.	1
The study identified a new category of moral motivational drivers and confirmed it was distinct form the other types of motivation through a PCA.	1
Collaboration and invitation networks overlaid with (a) affiliation data and (b) research topics.	0
This finding suggests an important opportunity for reference and instruction librarians, namely, to model advanced search engine searching techniques for valuable, but less visible material.	1
To shed more light on the situation, this article presents the results of a questionnaire and follow-up interviews with academic librarians in Spanish-speaking Latin America.	1
Manuscript received on 13 September 2011, revised version accepted on 4 April 2012.	0
Table 1 The list of neighbouring countries and investigated topics applied within the Web of Science search	0
We find that differences exist between country groups and therefore funding can be directed to the most efficient solution for that group.	1
TABLE 2: Distribution of the articles and their citation status according to countries.	0
Table 3 The meaning of the bid values within the bid matrix, B	0
Our study opens the door for an important and timely discussion on how the incorporation of scientific outputs and knowledge products in different languages in the assessment process can contribute to establishing more inclusive knowledge-building processes, and address some of the power imbalances that exist in the scientific domain, particularly at the outset of defining assessment structures.	1
The general results of the study shed light on future studies in terms of determining the research interests and trends of publications in the field of educational technologies, EAIT.	1
This article draws on chaos theory to critically analyse the recent higher education reforms that have been taking place in Poland.	1
1 Example of the geometric interpretation of the h and χ indices	0
Article history: Received 2 January 2010 Received in revised form 22 April 2010 Accepted 3 May 2010	0
(2) DeepCCP combines the information cascade effect and builds an information cascade citation network from the perspective of information cascade prediction to model paper citation prediction, providing a new idea for paper citation prediction;	1
Bootstrap confidence intervals indicate that the difference between the average of ratios and the ratio of averages are not significant.	1
For the two research groups we measured, I believe the hypothesis (a) is quite unlikely.	0
Analyzing talent in terms of symbolic capital, this study contributes to previous research on talent assessment or evaluation practices in several ways.	1
The Diamond core list is used to determine essential, general journals within economics (e.g., Sussmuth, Steininger & Ghio, 2006), and is often used to justify the included journals on a shorter list (e.g., Kalaitzidakis, Mamuneas & Stengos, 1999; Medoff, 2006).	0
No prior work exists that investigates the role of gender in the context of mobility and scientific impact on a global scale.	1
The poster below the table was produced by Olesya Mryglod, ICMP Lviv, to commemorate a benchmark in the collaboration.	0
My argument in this essay was that an extension of the principal-agent model to a situation involving three agents allows us to identify different ideal types of quantification in national research assessment policies.	1
This could, of course, vary a great deal depending on such factors as the age of the research specialty, how specialized it is, how expensive it is to conduct research in that specialty, and how much overlap it has with other related specialties.	0
The objective of most clustering applications is only to identify clusters in the data.	0
Michael Obrecht is a former Director of Special Studies at the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR).	0
The analysis and findings shed new conceptual and empirical light on the factors underlying the relationship between interdisciplinary research and political attention to science.	1
Such analyses could provide insight into research trends, recognise research advances and provide useful information to the scientific, governmental and funding community in terms of addressing the cancer burden and strengthening cancer research capacity in SA.	1
Thus, this is a bibliographic history of Agribusiness and a brief case study of organizational evolution.	1
We would like to thank Kathrin Thomas and Theresa Kernecker for their helpful comments on previous drafts.	0
The most successful emerging systems are those which invest strongly at national level and use their global engagement to build national capability as well as vice versa.	1
To conform with the standards of reproducible research, R [24] scripts and R data objects have been posted at: http://www.	0
The present paper takes advantage of the funding acknowledgements (FA) section included in WoS articles written in English and studies some features of the funded research, such as impact and collaboration.	1
This article intends to offer an objective and quantitative description through social network analysis.	1
All the differences presented in the table were significant with p<0.001	0
This article fills that void by examining authorship patterns by where one works in a stratification of academic institutions.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
However, a combined study of usage counts, Mendeley readership and citations, particularly paying attention to the potential mediation effects among them, have never been done before.	1
P-scores, used in conjunction with H-indices, allow us to distinguish the three types of venues mentioned above.	1
The goal of this study was to allow academic nursing programs and their supporting information professionals to make informed decisions about how each of the two major bibliographic databases could be used to report measures of impact.	1
Full details on all simulations are available in the electronic supplementary material.	0
The supplementary materials section includes two parts: the critical prerequisites for the problem and some details of LDA model.	0
Note that some LIS dissertations have not been indexed by Wanfang as Chinese PhD graduates can keep their dissertations confidential for 5–10 years, which is normal practice in China.	0
In this way, we may find differences in the deviations from the expected behavior between the whole set and a subset of universities that are selected on the basis of quality (in terms of citation impact).	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Our findings can provide insights into scientific research evaluation.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The paper fills two gaps in the literature.	1
In this study, we propose an extension of the co-citation-based approach that exploits in-text citation frequencies and the role of citation patterns (in-text citations across the logical sections) in co-cited documents.	1
The content of the survey instrument was based on our experiences in teaching research ethics, the literature, and the findings of 3 focus groups devoted to identifying the norms of scientists and IRs.	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Thus, the results presented in table 6A can at most be interpreted as presumptive evidence for the existence of discrimination against inbred scientists.	0
Keywords: multilingual publishing; scientific communication; language policy; academic multilingualism; bibliometrics; quantitative analysis.	0
Publications made by overseas Chinese and returnees relative to total output of China.	0
Received: 20 August 2024 / Accepted: 13 September 2024 / Published online: 26 September 2024	0
Considering this new reality, the Editorial Board judged that its title doesn't longer step with the Journal's synthetic words and decided to keep the historical abbreviation JBUON, now meaning Journal of Biomedical Updates in Oncology.	1
Special thanks go to Rafael Encinas de Mu?agorri for his generosity and support in accessing documentation on the early development of research misconduct regulation.	0
Thus, the two measures are reasonably, although not perfectly, independent, and we have a rare opportunity for a quasi-experimental research design in the field of research evaluation, contributing to the comparison between independent sources of evaluation...	1
Access provided at 24 Oct 2019 15:20 GMT from Durham University	0
The authors wish to thank every anonymous referee for important insightful comments and suggestions.	0
For more details we refer to Chapter 4 in Beirlant et al.	0
The improvements in the ability to reproduce empirical features (which will be shown in following sections) are achieved by the new features of the model, rather than by better selection parameters of our previous model (Xie et al., 2016).	1
The strength of this study is that all the medical schools in Taiwan are included in the analysis, which provides a comprehensive overview with less bias.	1
This paper contributes to the current discussion of the importance of international collaboration in science, paying special attention to the growing public interest in multidisciplinary research.	1
But let us return to the philosophical question stimulated by Wray's work.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first paper to make this comparison for economics journals.	1
Journal of the American Society for Information Science - November-December 1970	0
In summary, this paper aims to propose a scientific disruption prediction framework that is capable of fusing multidimensional information and scalable for further advancement by mature GSP methods, and it is expected to surpass the prediction performance of previous methods.	1
First, we extend the problem-solving perspective of KBV to consider how individuals solve problems in hybrid organizations.	1
Since 2008, he has been a Senior Lecturer at the University of South Australia.	0
Received February 20, 2012; revised April 18, 2012; accepted May 8, 2012	0
To solve it, I propose using the principles of digital transformation to reinvent publishing as a two-step process where articles are published first as preprints, and then, journal editors invite authors to submit only papers that 'succeed' to peer review.	1
It is proposed to consider the following algorithm of actions necessary for qualitative selection of sources of information (literature) based on the analysis of the ACN, which will consist of the following steps:	1
Specifically, the use of programmatic workflows for harvesting and analyzing these data is not only more efficient, sustainable, and accurate than manual methods described in previous studies, but it also creates a more replicable approach for future studies to follow.	1
In this paper an attempt is made to find at least an approximate transformation rule for the h-index if the scale of the underlying distribution is changed.	1
We recall some elements of context (section I), and then focus on a novel method which reverses the point of view of classical	1
The key universities in this study were referred to "985 Project" universities or "211 Project" universities in China's mainland.	0
The analysis fills a gap in the literature by addressing the complex intervening and moderating influence of governance structures on research behaviour and practices of researchers and their scientific output.	1
Those changes included increasing transparency, reviving monographs, and initiating integrative conceptual reviews.	1
These indices have been difficult to calculate and compare in the past, but recent freeware tools (Google Scholar, The ResearcherID website, the Scopus website [limited to papers after 1994], and Harzing’s PoP) have made the h-index easily accessible.	0
Recibido: 04-19-23; 2a versión: 07-02-24; Aceptado: 23-02-24; Fecha de publicación: 16-10-2024	0
Biographical note: EDWARD NADEL completed his doctorate in Sociology at the State University of New York (Stony Brook) in the summer of 1978.	0
As a result, we found that longer comments, more rounds of review and the more diversified words did not contribute to the citations of the OPR papers in Nature Communications.	1
Lokman Meho, Indiana University, for alerting us to and providing additional data.	0
288 The Journal of Academic Librarianship, Volume 34, Number 4, pages 288-294	0
Jie Sun is in the Library of Huazhong Agricultural University and Bao-Zhong Yuan is in the College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan city, Hubei province, PR China, 430070.	0
Received 1 August 2018; Received in revised form 21 January 2019; Accepted 28 January 2019	0
In Section 3 we explain how the data have been collected and which methods have been used to answer the research questions.	0
The present investigation of 26 citation records of more average physicists yielded similar results.	1
In this article, it will be presented a new approach to represent three important informational aspects of text analysis in quantitative linguistics—number of characters, number of words, and number of complex syllable words for sentence—in a single and fully coherent three-variable graphical representation of corpuses.	1
Neither the European Union nor the European Research Executive Agency can be held responsible for them.	0
Appendix B shows the most cited authors and the citation times.	0
Received: 12 December 2023 / Accepted: 12 August 2024 / Published online: 9 September 2024	0
Overall, this article has contributed to the literature on PBRF systems in three ways.	1
There has been a general lack of research specific to the analysis of the features of archival websites.	1
The authors wish to thank Lisa Craig-Young for her assistance with the tables for this article.	0
Our study offers a novel contribution to the existing literature on coauthorship networks.	1
Received April 26, 2004; revised April 30, 2004; accepted July 30, 2004	0
Pinpointing the strong and weak points of scientific movements as well as identifying potential and actual capabilities of countries is a requirement of efficient and appropriate policy making in the field of research.	0
By using various indicators in parallel and the hitherto probably largest journal sample, the present study provides comprehensive up-to-date results on the prevalence, extent and consequences of citation inequality across medical and all-category journals listed in the JCR.	1
Our study innovated by explicitly introducing in queuing models a multi-level structure, in order to analyze how the interplay between the country and HEI level accounts for the observed patterns.	1
Since the bibliometric landscape on pediatric glaucoma (PG) has remained largely unexplored, the current study aimed to systematically review the literature available on PG.	1
This procedure makes it possible to determine two things with great precision: first, the level of “coexistence” of authors from different disciplines who publish but do not collaborate in the same set of publications in a given subject category from a recognized bibliometric source; and second, the level of cross-disciplinary collaboration that is a condition for qualifying any scientific output as multidisciplinary, interdisciplinary (in the specific, more restrictive definition of the term) or transdisciplinary research.	0
The table gives the IR and CID values for some of the ratio CPP/CPPna values:	0
Díez is Assistant Professor at the Department of Library and Information Science at the University of León, Spain; e-mail: luisa.alvite@unileon.es.	0
To quantify to what extent a scholar is influenced by her co-authors (research partners), this research proposes new metrics which consider the classic centrality measures (i.e.	1
Extending previous work (Leydesdorff & Opthof, 2013), this brief communication presents a novel routine, namely, medlineR, which allows the integration of data obtained by querying Medline/PubMed with data available in WoS.	1
In this study, we investigated the Highlights utilisation, explored the ways in which publishers and authors arrange their Highlights sentences, and proposed a classification schema with five categories for Highlights sentences.	1
Thus, this study brings a new perspective to the analysis of faculty hiring and research collaboration at the global level, and its implications for the global presence and prestige of higher education institutions.	1
The results of this study indicate that the performance of OPR articles regarding citations and altmetrics was diametrically opposite, confirming the differential performance induced by OPR on different readerships and fostering a deeper understanding of this phenomenon.	1
The Tables 11, 12 gives an overview of Galton’s most cited monographs comparing their ranking position and number of citations in WoS, Scopus and Google Scholar.	0
For the purposes of this study, a single page of A4 paper equalled 500 words.	0
Considering the relevant OMR's contribution to the field of Operations Management in the last years, this study provides an overall assessment of the journal performance by conducting a retrospective review.	1
Despite the importance of this university and co-authorship studies, review of the literature indicates that although Iran has conducted research on co-authorship [2, 6, 14-26], no research has been carried out about co-authorship in SBUMS so far.	1
Samuel DuBois Cook Center on Social Equity, Duke University, Durham, USA	0
This short communication suggests that the historiography of science in New Zealand as presented by Finding New Zealand's Scientific Heritage, with narrative structures largely emerging from the establishment of science infrastructure—surveys, institutes, museums, universities, the DSIR—tends to inadvertently reinforce this camouflage.	1
First, the semantic content of the journal articles that a unit decided to submit to the REF was predictive of the quality assessment scores—designed to capture the originality, significance and rigour of the submitted outputs—that the unit received from the expert peer review process.	1
This study contributes to the existing literature by providing a new framework by which to confirm the lead-lag relationship between intellectual structures identified by the research grant and the research paper and, furthermore, confirming the nature of the research grant in early identification of intellectual structure in the OR/MS of China.	1
This allows us to retrospectively evaluate selection procedures in the binary classification framework without access to the primary data.	0
The findings for this paper extended the quality evaluation of publications from the author citation behaviour perspective and provided guiding suggestions for authors of academic papers.	1
Training Systems, University of Maryland Baltimore County, 1000 Hilltop Circle, Baltimore, MD 21250.	0
Fifth, we have improved upon the dominance ranking method through the inclusion of a two proportions z test to assign dominance, rather than just a pairwise comparison of proportions.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Our findings suggest that this magazine's role differs significantly from the traditional view of popularization.	1
He then returned to complete his residency at Massachusetts General Hospital.	0
Firstly, these findings can enrich the research on international mobility as a new factor within the mechanism of cumulative advantages, and extend our understanding on the implicit and long-term consequences of the norm of international mobility.	1
The present study is the first of its kind that addressed COVID-19 research activities in the environmental sources.	1
This paper thus provides further evidence for the Matthew effect, at least for citations to economists.	1
(i) Philosophers are interested not only in using and investigating game theory as a formal method belonging to applied mathematics and sharing many relevant features with social choice theory, but also in considering its applications in more empirically oriented disciplines such as social psychology, cognitive science, or biology.	1
Normalized Open Access Indicator (NOAI) corrects for disciplinary composition and allows a better comparability of institutions or countries.	1
1 Mean numbers of citations of highly cited original research articles and review articles	0
In particular, it will be proved that two axioms, invariance to aggregation and self-consistency, cannot be satisfied simultaneously even on a substantially restricted domain of citation graphs.	1
It is interesting to notice that 20 positions for chairs (22%) are either recent (<1 y) or unfilled (n = 6).	0
The literature suggests that the extent of RIMS use may vary by the researcher's seniority and discipline.	0
These structures are a great challenge for bibliometricians due to their heterogeneous composition and virtual nature.	1
In the sport entrepreneurship field, bibliometric analysis and maps have not yet been used to analyze the production and to visualize the evolution and trends of this field.	1
Previous studies have often been presented in the form of still images, and interactive images are used in our paper to show the correlation between research contents in the field of atherosclerosis in the field of epigenetic modification.	1
The data exported in a plain text format was stored in a relational database using the Oracle platform through a novel program developed in the Hypertext Preprocessor Programming (PHP) language, with the aim of obtaining queries with the Structured Query Language (SQL) and performing customized analyses.	1
The contribution of this study is that we provide a new framework to classify scientific articles into four categories based on a great number of innovation theories, such as the Kuhnian revolution (1962), which contributes to the theory of innovation.	1
The goal is to contribute to the development of a robust and universally applicable innovation metric.	1
In this study an overview of the current open access programs and conditions of major journals in the field of medical informatics is presented.	1
The exception is proposals for Large Programs, which are assigned to all panels in the appropriate scientific category.	0
Finally, this article provides an understanding of the mechanisms involved in scientific change, focusing on the conditions for the emergence of new ideas that can be expected from the publishing of an original article.	1
1 Department of Philosophy, University of Milan, Via Festa del Perdono 7, 20122 Milan, Italy	0
The current work proposes an innovative “input-oriented” approach, which permits: (i) estimation of national research performance in a field and comparison to that of other nations, independent of the size of their respective research staffs; and, for fields of comparable intensity of publication, (ii) identification of the strong and weak research fields within a national research system on the basis of international comparison.	1
Refer to "Applications" in the next section concerning the specificity of application categories vis-à-vis individual measures.)	0
Yes, I do a lot of research with students, graduate students.	0
The current study has the following theoretical and practical implications.	1
We found no agreement among reviewers in evaluating the same application.	1
Iqbal Azam from the Department of Community Health Sciences, Aga Khan University, who helped me in the statistical analysis of data presented in this paper.	0
I wish to express my gratitude to the staff of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research (Australia), Professors Toby Sommer and Michel Crozon, who suggested some interesting references, and to Macmillan Magazines Limited and The Nobel Foundation for granting permission to reproduce some rejection letters shown in Figures 1 and 2.	0
Balaban & de Jong, 2023; Ben-David, 1971; Chubb et al., 2017; Watermeyer, 2019).	1
The hybrid approach of network analysis and principal component analysis is utilized as a visualization technique of a knowledge map based on bibliographic coupling.	1
Our aim here is to present an SNA study of e-health for detecting and visualizing conceptual domains.	1
Table 4 Descriptive term summary per record in the four periods	0
The author thanks Peter Negenborn for his extensive data-analytical and programming work and the referees for several stimulating observations and suggestions.	0
I propose that the best solution is to combine both ideas and introduce a new type of community into the meta-theoretical framework, i.e.	1
We derive the B coefficient analytically in terms of parameters of citation models, offering further insights on the citation dynamics of this type of awakened articles in comparison with typical articles.	1
As a result, adopting this measure to evaluate authors' productivity and activity over time will have the advantage over other measures as it is more accurate and takes different attributes into account.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Received December 21, 2008; revised March 6, 2009; accepted March 6, 2009	0
This article is an extended version of a paper presented at the 13th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Durban (South Africa), 4–7 July 2011 (Rousseau 2011).	0
Later, cited WOD are examined by analyzing the frequently cited documents and their contents.	0
The newly proposed features are: (1) variant of In-text Citation count (2) Figure counts, (3) Table counts, and (4) subheading implicit mapping.	1
Downloaded by [University of North Carolina] at 08:22 10 November 2014	0
The most relevant journals (y-axis) are stratified based on the number of documents (x-axis).	0
Twenty-one users in these groups working in UK centers of Acoustic research were contacted.	0
The paper then analyses the efforts of the Scholarly Communication in Africa Programme (SCAP) that worked with UB in training its staff regarding the operation of the IR, and also established a workflow process for vetting, describing and uploading content to the IR so that UB scholarship could become more visible to the world.	1
Our research problem is the identification of citation contexts, and from the exploration and discussion of discursive forms, corroborated the use of a schema based on linguistic observations.	1
In this study, we addressed the statistical limitations of the impact factor and introduced corrections to create the cnlF.	1
This is a way to define the publication's field without resorting to pre-defined classification sets.	1
The IRB confirmed that there is no risk to human subjects in this type of research since the data are based on published literature and, as secondary data, did not involve any interactions with human subjects.	0
The proposed content-based citation analysis approach is believed to be capable of improving the applications of the four roles involved in scholarly communication processes (see Fig.	1
It can be shown that the eigenvectors of the matrix resulting from the normalization as suggested by Pinski and Narin (1976) are no longer influenced by the diagonal terms, as follows:	1
The research design framework of the current study is depicted in Fig.	0
The two sets of Spearman correlations are not directly comparable because of the large difference in granularity between NLCS and quality scores, which affects the magnitude of a correlation for a similar underlying relationship strength (Thelwall, 2016).	0
The above analysis sheds lights on two contradictory trends in the study of the structure of the hyperlink network among world universities (Barnett 2011): centralization and decentralization.	1
Correspondence to: Chairman Emeritus, ISI?, 3501 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.	0
A few of the triangular symbols have been slightly displaced horizontally for better visibility.	0
For now, we focus on the implications of the policy instruments for academic practices, as we deem this relevant for others involved in impact-driven university transitions.	0
Conflict of interest This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
Moreover, it is likely that papers published in journals with higher impact factors could more easily be used as future references by other authors.	0
This does not alter adherence to PLOS ONE policies on data sharing.	0
As is well known, the citation curves depend on the impact of the articles [6], but in the general analysis of all the Spanish papers in physics, citations grow at a higher rate than the growth of papers.	0
The period covered by our data are three full years (2013–2015) plus a part of 2016.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Received 16 April 2020; Received in revised form 20 July 2021; Accepted 1 September 2021	0
The period of 20 years was chosen because it catches a wide range of publications and allows to present the evolution of approaches to the evaluation of the arts.	0
We are very grateful to Bruna Bruno, Patrick Gaule, David Laband, and the participants at the Queensland Behavioral Economics Group and the 4th SOLE/EALE World Conference for their helpful comments.	0
A finding that we were able to corroborate in "Results" section.	0
Centro de Ciências Naturais e Exatas, Universidade Federal de Santa Maria—UFSM, Santa Maria,	0
Rong Tang is Assistant Professor at the Graduate School of Library and Information Science of Simmons College; e-mail: rong.tang@simmons.edu.	0
1, first of all, we need to define the table with data:	0
Third, the faculty lists used to assemble citation counts for each school should be disclosed.	1
This research provides evidence for the unequal usage of preprint servers among researchers of varying career stages and is necessary to facilitate further discussion surrounding the larger-scale adoption of preprints in the field of ecology and evolution.	1
Total number of dental publications per year indexed in PubMed (Medline).	0
This work builds on a previous report of 4-year data that 58% of research publications between 2005 and 2009 were led by MakCHS faculty or students as first authors [2].	1
Percentage contributions of each component to the research environment evaluation in each panel	0
Our development and testing of the Strategy Hub has revealed that it is not trivial to design an interface that guides users to follow the general-specific-sparse strategy.	0
1 (Color online) The schematic diagram of two forms of collaboration networks for a scientific publication.	0
Indeed, we have easily demonstrated that gN discriminates better between different citation patterns.	1
A second important finding in this study was that there was no difference in bibliometric data between journals offering OA options and those that did not.	1
Equivalent or similar indicators have been suggested: citation-paper ratio /23,3/, citation ratio /24,25/, citation per article index /8/, cross-, within- and outside-of-country citation /3,8/, cit.	0
The findings of this study are useful in illuminating the evolving concerns of TFS, and offering a demonstration of a rigorous analytical approach for exploring the structure and citation landscape of TFS in the future.	1
In mathematics, there is a collection of distinguished articles well-suited for exploring the relationship between peer review and citation analysis.	1
*Tier 1: total citation more than 10 (exclude equal to 10)	0
To understand this phenomenon, we detect and study papers with delayed recognition, also called 'Sleeping Beauties' (SBs).	1
They were also on top of the most cited journal list.	0
In other words, the difference of research impact between papers presented orally or during poster sessions has not been discussed in literature.	1
The package “tm” is a framework for text mining applications within R.	0
It is intended to appear with each research article.	1
Panel A supports the hypothesis that greater email use is associated with greater collaboration for both settings.	0
In this article we describe the development and refinement of a qualitative citation assessment procedure that incorporated both objective and subjective elements identified in our literature survey (Jones et al.	1
After a brief review of the costs of this 'hidden paywall' and of the tradition of 'great power' linguae francae in which English now stands, this article suggests that 19th and 20th century proposals for the use of a constructed auxiliary language as an aid to global scholarship now deserve to be revisited, with contemporary developments in publishing technology and machine translation rendering them feasible alternatives to the status quo in ways that they were not when first introduced.	1
I shall return to the details of these quotes in a moment.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
While previous studies have also considered a broad corpus of documents [23], the novelty of our work lies in a method which allow us to exploit a previously developed hierarchical clustering of science [25] which partitions the scholarly landscape at varying levels of data-driven granularity—from two dozen discipline-like fields to over 1,400 small intellectual communities.	1
Our study, by comparing comprehensive arXiv and WoS data sets, should lead to greater clarification and insights.	1
However, our results not only show differences in number of references between fields and over time, but also that a third parameter play a role.	1
This study shows that the percentage of publications indexed in SSCI with DOI (~65%) is more than twice as high as the one indexed in A&HCI (~26%).	1
Our approach, as illustrated in this article, was to model the uptake in the serial peer-reviewed literature over time for select studies and their respective published results in order to assess the pace of knowledge generation and dissemination within one segment of the translational research continuum (i.e., the clinical trial).	1
Our study is the first to explore this problem, which carries profound implications for many stakeholders: universities, journals, university ranking systems, funders, and higher education policy-makers.	1
269139 “Dynamics and cooperative phenomena in complex physical and biological environments”, IRSES Project No.	0
As a unique altmetric data source, Goodreads can allow scholarly authors from the social sciences and humanities to measure the wider impact of their books.	1
The numbers at the bottom show each journal's rank among all major scientific journals.	0
In summary, over the last 10 years we discovered certain distinctive characteristics in the evolution of AJTI articles in terms of composition of authors, research goals and methodologies, sample sizes and time horizons, industry and technology focus areas, country comparison and research fields featured by keywords of 192 AJTI articles.	1
With this brief communication, we describe a technical advancement for developing research historiographies by introducing RPYS i/o, an online tool for performing standard RPYS and Multi-RPYS analyses interactively (at http://comins.leydesdorff.net/).	1
Besides the cross-country dimension, a distinguishing feature of our data is that we have a sample of individuals in the very right tail of the ability distribution, and we document that, even there, different backgrounds result in substantial differences in knowledge produced.	1
From the 'Unit of Occupational Rehabilitation and Ergonomics, “Salvatore Maugeri” Foundation, Clinica del Lavoro e della Riabilitazione, IRCCS, Rehabilitation Institute of Veruno (NO), Italy and 2Department Medicina Fisica y Rehabilitacion, Universidad Complutense, Madrid, Spain	0
This allowed us to define a parameter sh that describes the normalized difference of a researcher's h value from the best fit model.	1
The details of the new scheme are described in the Methodology section.	0
Therefore, this paper proposes a new method framework to confirm the lead-lag relationship quantitatively between intellectual structures identified by the research grant and the research paper.	1
As far as we are aware, this is the first attempt at a comprehensive collection of evolutionary medicine full text publications and associated keywords.	1
To the best of the authors' knowledge, there has been very few data-driven frameworks to aid journals, despite the wealth of knowledge in scientometrics and bibliometrics areas.	1
The present work represents a certain advance in this regard in its proposal of a comprehensive weighted model of indicators for the specific evaluation of archival websites.	1
The study also presents alternate search strategy for data collection to calculate RWIF for websites.	1
Building on their contributions, the present work intends to address the leading role of more advanced institutions in a process of extending the scientific capacity of the country in a period of economic restrictions.	1
This paper proposed an approach to compare and visualize the scientific output of researchers in FC that takes into account the complete citation profiles.	1
In order to present a global Transformative Agreement’s hypothesis based on 2017 scenario, we follow these steps:	0
Then, any measure either the citations per paper or the number of annual papers or the Hirsh's index, gets a correction as follows.	1
This sought the identification of core journals and from its field affiliation, according to WoS, the identification of what prevails as field of investigation.	0
Our study critically engages with techniques of self-quantification in contemporary academia, by demonstrating how social networking services enact research and scholarly communication as a 'game'.	1
To cite this article: Ludo Waltman, Rodrigo Costas & Nees Jan van Eck (2012) Some Limitations of the H Index: A Commentary on Ruscio and Colleagues' Analysis of Bibliometric Indices, Measurement: Interdisciplinary Research and Perspectives, 10:3, 172-175, DOI: 10.1080/15366367.2012.716260	0
By taking the example of ALBA Synchrotron Light source facility located in Barcelona, this paper traces and describes the impacts on (direct/indirect) users which materialize through a chain of downstream transmission mechanisms.	1
5 The astute reader observes that this definition is different from the "Kullback–Leibler divergence" measure [22]; the present one is closer to a thermodynamic interpretation.	0
Compared to Xing's dropout study (2019) that specifically examined the negative relationship between scholarly performance and dropout rate in Physics, our analysis investigated the evolved relationship by including generational differences across 19 fields.	1
2 Most so-called ‘journal rankings’ provide a ‘rating’ of a large list of journals.	0
The discussions from the editorial meeting were excluded, since they are of a more general character, and not strictly part of the peer review report.	0
Third, we used the updates of preprints to represent the trial and error of the innovation process in a research field, which provides a novel way to quantify the trial and error of scientific innovations from the perspective of bibliometrics.	1
From the methodology perspective, this study was the first to apply the STM approach to the NLP-enhanced clinical trial research, which was able to get rid of the limitations by using manual coding or word frequency analysis.	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
Our results are a stark warning that despite the growth of open access across science in general, dissemination through open access remains extremely small for the majority of publishing conservation scientists.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 747 times since 2013*	0
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank the bibliometric group at the School of Education and Communication in Engineering Sciences (ECE), KTH Royal Institute of Technology, for generation of bibliometric data used in this work.	0
The authors expect to be able to test these hypotheses empirically in the future.	0
Although bibliometric analysis studies show the big picture of current research, they cannot provide in-depth insights about studies in the literature based on semantic content analysis (Gurcan, Cagiltay, et al., 2021; Gurcan, Ozyurt, et al., 2021).	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 14 times since 2017*	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Keywords Citations · Bibliographical database · Indexing · Bibliometric data · Journal impact factor	0
Note that unlike cosine, the publication volume is not considered in this second metric.	0
The regularity of publication was an important selection criterion for longitudinal data analysis.	0
Finally, a Poisson regression analysis of innovation performance was developed to highlight the characteristics of innovation performance.	1
This standard score is then called a z-score (Anastasi & Urbina, 1997, pp.	0
The results from this study will provide quantitative evidence to support future studies on disciplinary knowledge flows.	1
Fourth, we conduct a university-level study and measure outcomes at the university level, rather than examine how affiliation with a certain kind of unit (e.g., inter-disciplinary research center) affects individual career outcomes.	1
Accordingly, we propose to take into account the productivity gains of parallelization by introducing a parallelization bonus that multiplies the credit allocated to each coauthor.	1
The contribution of our study is to show that the percentile citation-based method reduces the year of publication?epresentativeness bias associated with different choices to select the most impactful papersin bibliometric studies.	1
The first source of involuntary bias is the most important and most common for all of us: the misperception about ourselves and about the quality of our production.	0
Whenever logarithms are used in this article they are base 10.	0
Other document types are usually not included in evaluative bibliometrics (Moed 2005).	0
It characterizes the retracted literature in detail, and analysed post-retraction citation, which had never been done before in the speciality.	1
The differences between the models depicted in Fig.	1
A new metric, the relative citation ratio (RCR), was recently released by the National Institutes of Health (NIH); however, no benchmark data yet exist.	1
And in turn, the metrics of science in particular, enabled us to better understand the science of metrics in general.	0
This currently relevant approach provides an opportunity to recognize the classic articles on sleep medicine, provide useful insights into international leaders, and describe research trends in the field of sleep medicine.	1
This gap underscores the lack of studies exploring how doctoral capstone content might reflect institutional quality as captured in rankings.	1
Furthermore, Convert rate (Cr) is proposed for the first time to measure how many degrees of papers that could potentially transfer usage to citation.	1
From a network perspective, this study proposes a model to evaluate knowledge popularity by investigating 2 attributes of contextual information (i.e., authors and tags) that are embedded in a heterogeneous knowledge network, and how they interact to impact knowledge popularity.	1
The Y index with two parameters (j, h) assesses both the publication quantity and characteristics of contribution as a single index.	1
This study adds further evidence from the Canadian context.	1
Fox, who assisted in the sample selection process and data presentation.	0
One notes that the top journals have remained in about the same position from 1976 to 2004 while their rankings slightly varied.	0
By (conceptually) distinguishing publication productivity from publication excellence, we empirically investigate whether the two selected policy factors, that is, funding and co-authorship collaboration, have an impact on productivity alone, or whether they are also necessary ingredients of publication excellence.	1
Before proceeding, it is worth mentioning that we also collected data for managing editors and book review editors, but the number of journals with missing values for these variables was too high to draw any reliable conclusions.	0
Susanne Breuninger: Conceptualization, Methodology, Software, Data curation, Writing - original draft.	0
This measurement technique is derived with a scope to propose a new and holistic system of measuring performance of R&D, which can enable allocation of resource in a rational mode.	1
However, we find no analyses of the Pareto distribution of citations per publication at the individual level.	1
With respect to the bibliographic properties of the three types of durability, our first observations necessitate further analysis in follow-up work.	0
The study has developed a novel way to understand co-authorship behavior in Vietnam’s social scientific communities as well as to evaluate their social sustainability.	1
Queen Margaret College, Department of Communication and Information Studies, Clerwood Terrace, Edinburgh EH12 8TS, Scotland (UK)	0
On this basis, our research quantifies how laureates make trade-offs between exploiting the established research topics and exploring new directions by analyzing and comparing the differences in different types of topics over three periods.	1
This was necessary so that other macros could be applied in order to conduct the main analyses.	0
We would also like to thank Juan Miguel Campanario for his suggestions on the manuscript.	0
1 Numbers of the most frequently cited articles published from 1990 to 2009	0
We contribute to this discussion by focusing directly on an unrecognized limitation in various inequality measures, including the Gini coefficient and the percentage of ever-cited articles, that are commonly used to gauge the level of concentration.	1
We avoid comparisons based on statistical tests, as the analyses presented here are descriptive and exploratory.	0
Of note, there was only a single category in the early years of the Momentum program, and therefore these grantees had to be excluded from this analysis.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(11):1487–1502, 2006	0
The present study contributes to increasing publishers' and researchers' awareness about the relations between and advantages of different OA models.	1
A separate issue that has received far less attention is the citation of papers before they are retracted.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
However, using the information in Table 2, readers can easily make a similar categorization.	0
To make it clear and easy to follow, we present the results as answers to the lists of questions presented in Table 1.	0
He is an assistant professor at S?o Paulo State University (UNESP), Marilia, Brazil.	0
Very few of them attempted comprehensive analysis of various parameters such as author, country, journal, and hot topics.	1
when fractional allocations are attributed to each co-author, the summation must equal one.	1
Our study provides a historical perspective on the progress of dissection research, and helps to identify the quality of the work, the discoveries made, and the trends steering the studies.	1
Secondly, based on the comparative analysis of the processes of periodical and patent referencing, we successfully expanded the application of the citation distribution model from periodical referencing to patent referencing.	1
The study also applied visualization techniques, with no restrictions on the language used or document type to comprehensively analyze the patterns of publication in the realm of dentistry from 2009 to 2019.	1
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for profit sectors.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
A further contribution of our study is to provide detailed evidence of low-quality publishing by the five journals we covered.	1
The following subsections detail the search strategy used, the refinement actions applied, and the information extraction processes.	0
Note that the percentages are weighted in terms of the APPs of group membership, so the numbers per group do not have to add up to whole counts.	0
This resulted in items such as theses and reference being entered into the monograph category.	0
This conceptual article explores the idea of academic collaboration from a perspective that places knowledge in the centre of the inquiry.	1
A myriad of literature exists pertaining to the general need for scientific and technical information and to the specific needs of the less developed countries [1,2].	0
We compare the author-selected-based subject classification in Springer Nature, the citation-based SCs in InCites and the text-based FoR classification in Dimensions.	1
This study is relevant as there have been no studies involving a periphery country context such as Malaysia, aside from non-empirical opinion pieces, relating to this topic at present.	1
3 Center for Research in Econometric Theory and Applications, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan	0
Table 1 illustrates the half-life period of online citations in previous studies.	0
This paper tries to bridge this gap and presents a comprehensive study on open access levels in all forms for Indian research output, along with analyzing disciplinary variations in open access levels.	1
The following section of this paper presents a review of the literature on bibliometric analysis and an overview of bibliometric research in BE.	0
Section 3 introduces the approach to analyze the evolution of a research field.	0
The co-authorship network for the fourth time slice, generated from 450 publications.	0
In this paper, differences in coverage among the various ISI products will not be discussed.	0
We creatively provide a new solution to solve the impact evaluation issues from the angle of scholars’ network positions for the first time, to the best of our knowledge.	1
Figure 2 Average value of fund to each item of GPNNSFC in yuan ’000.1?	0
Then, this paper effectively expands the application scope of the extensity centrality-Newman value, which serves to measure whether a given researcher collaborates with others in and out of his or her community, from the co-authorship network to the inventor-author network.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Lenox Hill Hospital, New York, NY, USA	0
Therefore, NFindex gives a universal normalised single-number metric that can be used by research institutes to solve the problem of inter-discipline scholar ranking.	1
Compared with existing measurements for transdisciplinarity, ours has several distinctions.	1
Logically, some authors and addresses are repeated in these figures (an author, or institution, who signs k different articles increases the total number in k, not in 1).	0
This article presents three innovative applications of Social Network Analysis (SNA) methods to explore the emergence and evolution of accountability in higher education across a collection of 450 peer-reviewed articles published from 1974-2017 and their corresponding 12,270 references.	1
It is of importance to make a statistical analysis on the literatures themed in water from the angle of citation analysis, to provide a useful reference to academic research and production practice in water domain.	1
For a larger sample, however, this labour-intensive method can be considered as a practical limitation.	0
The authors wish to thank Professor Terry Mayes at Glasgow Caledonian University for discussions on Internet resource discovery projects in Scotland.	0
Details of the method are reported in the resutls section below.	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, there was not a comprehensive study focusing on top-cited articles in the field of Medical Informatics.	1
The median for each group is represented by the horizontal line.	0
1, we are interested in producing the similar Figure on a dashboard with a video MP4 provided to readers who can click on the link to manipulate the scenarios on their own.	1
Subscripts such as p have been omitted for clarity; dij is the Kronecker delta, and Hn is the nth harmonic number	0
Our study analyzed the 100 most cited publications on diabetes research and analyzed their characteristics.	1
The structure of this paper is as follows: the next section introduces and discusses relevant measurement issues to address those research questions; the third section describes our analytical framework and metrics; we present the main findings in the fourth section, and conclude with an extensive general discussion and suggest some methodological recommendations.	0
While these studies are valuable, the analysis of monograph use in the field of communication remains a gap in the literature.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 55(4):326–332, 2004	0
We acknowledge in advance the inadvertent injustices which we may do in summarizing the work of others and urge readers to examine the original papers listed in the bibliography.	0
6 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
For advanced analytics the data from RISC can be exported in XML or via API.	0
Received May 8, 2020, accepted May 15, 2020, date of publication May 20, 2020, date of current version June 4, 2020.	0
This analysis sheds light on the publication origins of those materials, as well as the degree to which English-language resources are referenced in the literature of the discipline.	1
The goal of this paper is to describe a newly developed measure of the degree to which a basic science publication is “translational”, defined as the extent to which it is used by downstream clinical research, relative to its use by basic research.	1
It seems timely to introduce crowd-based approaches to academic fields given that academics have advised and encouraged their 'clients' and wider society to engage in crowd-based approaches despite these academics having not implemented these approaches in their own field, including their authoring activities (Al Lily, 2016).	1
Presented in part at the annual meeting of the American College of Clinical Pharmacy, Washington, D.C., August 6-9, 1995.	0
The theory and computation of anticipatory systems enable us to model expectations and then proceed to their simulation (Dubois 1998; Rosen 1985).	1
We are grateful to Thomson Reuters for providing access to the data and the reviewers for their constructive feedback.	0
The high-performing units, or “superunits,” possess very high relative representativeness percentages (for page count and visibility).	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The authors extend their appreciation to the Deanship of Scientific Research at King Saud University for funding this work through research group NO (RGP-1438-27).	0
To see whether the phenomenon also can be observed at the level of a single subfield, we measured the median and average ages for astronomy and astrophysics.	0
Received 3 November 2020; Received in revised form 29 December 2020; Accepted 25 January 2021	0
This article presents a scientometric assessment of research potential and competitiveness of IISERs.	1
For example, we consider citations (a quality measure) and centrality (a relevance measure in this context) as distinct, rather than merging them as in Lowry et al.	1
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank Wouter Jeuris for conducting the WoS matching process for the bibliographic records downloaded from PhilPapers.	0
This study proposes a simple measure, combined relevance (CR), to counter such impact.	1
We first describe the background to the project and related activities, particularly relating to CERIF and its implementation across the UK higher education sector.	0
In our work, we tried to use network data creatively to estimate editorial bias in four computer science journals, without recurring to in-depth information on manuscripts, authors or reviewers involved.	1
Special thanks to an anonymous reviewer and to Professor Wolfgang Gl?nzel for their excellent suggestions.	0
We have, for the first time, analyzed publication productivity between male and female neurosurgeons.	1
Thus, this study finds little difference in the reliability of the increasingly important body of open access literature and work produced in the manner that was the standard for the 20th century.	1
We also want to thank Professor Carlos García Zorita for his wise statistical advice.	0
We are confident (hopeful?) that Bem is more unusual than Nosek.	0
2 The Business School, University of Colorado Denver, 1475 Lawrence Street, Denver, CO 80202, USA	0
In Section 6, we offer the contributions and limitations of this study.	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Data types for records in the CORE and REVIEW Excel sheets.	0
Our research contributes to the literature of science-technology linkage at the country side.	1
Our model has been successful enough to be adopted by other journals (e.g.	1
Received July 21, 2004; revised November 30, 2004; accepted November 30, 2004	0
Figure 6: Number of Journals Remaining in the Top 15 10 Years Later	0
Furthermore, we integrate our data into a mechanistic model to better understand the underlying mechanism and suggest that the main channel of information distribution in the 21st century is based online.	1
a) The prediction of the early impact of research articles by using the sentiment in tweets that mention those articles.	1
The authors would like to thank Dimitrios Katsaros, Antonis Sidiropoulos and Zenonas Theodosiou for their support.	0
The gauge of research direction in this work is uncorrelated with the diversity of research agenda and the switching probability among topics, capturing the evolution of individual careers from a new point of view.	1
The second step of our approach introduces the notion of trajectories and several representative patterns that can be used in a new type of analysis of the collective behavior of an organization at meso and macro levels.	1
Different from these related studies, we not only identify the topics of early COVID-19 studies, but also track the temporal changes and internal relationship of these topics.	1
This was the first systematic analysis of research funding of antibacterial resistance of this scale and scope, which relied on the availability and accuracy of data from organisations included.	1
Oxford University Press and American Institute of Biological Sciences are collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to BioScience.	0
These results have been achieved through a research including all causes of retraction, and not limited to a specific aspect.	1
Here we investigate a new class of funding models in which all scientists individually participate in the allocation of research funding.	1
The paper concludes that KDR is a more suitable methodology to retrieve data for measuring university research performance, particularly in an environment where universities are increasingly engaging in multidisciplinary research.	1
This article is more of a report than a comprehensive research on the new phenomenon of university-sponsored journal supplements.	1
In this contribution, we developed a new approach to explore the process of knowledge transition from discovery- oriented science to applications-oriented science and from applications-oriented science to being a part of knowledge flows in technological fields.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59(9):1393–1408, 2008	0
Furthermore, our study aims to improve the method used for the classification of research papers into accounting research topics because Stone (2002), Bonner et al. (2006), Oler et al. (2010), Coyne et al. (2010), and Summers and Wood (2017) performed this classification manually, and we proposed our classification automatically by employing text mining techniques.	1
In addition, there were several journals that published their own citation classics.	0
We have demonstrated that matched synthetic control groups can help to avoid such statistical artifacts and should, hence, be added to the methodological toolkit of information science.	1
Through these corrections, the errors occurring due to data source were minimized if not completely removed.	0
This paper and the study that has preceded it aim to contribute to the consolidation of a field of research named “Studies on Inter- and Transdisciplinarity" (SoIT) (Vienni, 2016c), which explores practices, processes and relationships within interdisciplinary groups, cultures and institutions for the consolidation of a transformative science.	1
In this article, we'll use the terms node, actor, author, and vertex interchangeably.	0
Kova?ík for his help in obtaining information from the WoS, and two anonymous referees for valuable suggestions.	0
This paper aimed at providing first insights into the organisation of multiple affiliations and into academics' motivations to engage with institutions outside their main employer.	1
Trend of published articles in SEA in terms of type of MND from 1980 to 2020.	0
The first section is a literature review, which covers related concepts and the methods of finding scientific frontier.	0
One can think of different metrics by which to gauge research leadership.	0
The authors appreciate the anonymous reviewers for their detailed comments for the improvement of this work.	0
Although there have been various studies on scientific collaboration based on authors' age, this paper is dedicated to unfolding the data in a time dimension and discovering a new perspective on the evolution of collaboration between authors and countries.	1
To the best of our knowledge, no study has investigated the readability of scientific texts in terms of the use of adjectives and adverbs across a longer span.	1
The first author is grateful to the Max Kade Foundation, New York, USA, for funding his post-doctorate at the Center for the Study of Digital Libraries (CSDL) at Texas A&M University.	0
The first, epistemic capitalism, is a modest call to broaden the scope of empirical settings in which capitalist dynamics in knowledge production are studied.	1
He currently serves as President of the Association for Library and Information Science Education.	0
The obtained results of modeling the dependence of the influence of non-economic factors (the quality of higher education and science, and GII) on GDP per capita in the considered countries, using MLRA and ANNs indicate that R2(MLRA)=0.630 < R2(ANNs)=0.878, indicating that the nonlinear ANNs model better describes the defined dependence Y = f (X1-X7).	1
The value of the work lies in the empirical evidence obtained from analysed PhD e-theses of Gredos repository.	1
Independent Czech science has just experienced the first twenty years of its existence after the peaceful breakup of Czechoslovakia in January 1993.	1
Downloaded from sts.sagepub.com at MEMORIAL UNIV OF NEWFOUNDLAND on June 13, 2014	0
By offering an analysis of the Polish system, this study complements the existing literature on research evaluation in artistic disciplines, which focuses almost entirely on artistic research and overlooks systems that separate research and art.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This offers new insights into understanding the dynamic evolution process of citation diffusion and establishing negative indicators for scientific paper evaluation.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
TABLE 1 Percentage of R&D personnel relative to employees for four chemical combinesa	0
Each data point thus corresponds to one of the year entries in Table 1 and, with the more or less linear increase in each of these two variables with time, the most recent data (e.g., 1996 data) appear in the upper right part of this graph, and the oldest data (1970) in the lower left corner.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Our article makes three key contributions to the existing literature.	1
They should not be considered conclusive, used to inform clinical practice, or referenced by the media as validated information.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ctas20	0
Third, it treats unreferenced articles in the same analytic framework as those referenced.	1
The literature reviewed, however, does not cover the research in technical universities in Kenya.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Conscious that non- English language researchers, having to deal with both English language publications and their own native language publications, might think and behave differently, especially when questioned in their own native language, the Sloan study survey was replicated with mainland Chinese researchers.	1
By using the subject areas of authors' bibliographical references we obtain a better identification of the two groups than relying on the subject areas of the author's documents.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The second row represents the first four years of the career (i.e., the predictive model).	0
The chief advantage of our formulation is its general applicability to a variety of real-world tasks, including author h-index and popularity prediction [9], expert finding and search [10], [11], and credit allocation [12], [13].	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
To put it a bit aphoristically: those at the top of the list are readers rather than writers, those at the bottom, writers rather than readers.	0
We proposed a framework to measure plagiarism as an OSI generated by text matching software on its own is not sufficient to describe the presence and extent of copied text.	1
To be able to compare the results, the units on the horizontal axes of figures 1 and 2 are the same.	0
The data driven approach we take is still the best, in our own opinion, as there are several narrative approaches to structuring the metrics, but little is known about what the metrics actually reflect, and how that matches up to what we want them to reflect (e.g., Quality, Impact).	0
From Table 4, it can be seen that although Q4 has the lowest mean and median and the highest intragroup variation, the differences between the quartile means were not statistically significant (Table 2).	0
He is managing editor of the museum's geological journal, Scripta Geologica, and a member of the editorial boards of Ichnos and Geological Journal.	0
The originality of this paper is that it is the first attempt to examine the differences of citation impacts of conference papers presented in oral and poster sessions.	1
Moreover, we will study both rankings and indices, while Marchant (2009a) only studied rankings.	1
This study applies co-authorship network analysis to generate baseline information about the patterns and structure of Canada’s neglected tropical disease (NTD) publication activity and research network.	1
This analysis will augment a recent analysis of book publishers that relied upon citations (Samuels, 2013) rather than faculty surveys.	1
Acknowledgements We are grateful to the anonymous referee for thoughtful and useful comments.	0
The paper was developed and revised based on the paper presented at the 9th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) & 14th COLLNET meeting held at Tartu, Estonia and Organized by the Estonian Research Council and COLLNET, 15-17, August 2013.	0
All values, except those in boldface, are statistically significant at the level a = 0.05.	0
The composite score was not created in an identical fashion to Cox and Catt (1977), but the authors displayed the productivity ranks in comparison to their predecessors.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0885-8624.htm	0
The author thanks the VolkswagenStiftung for the opportunity to analyze the research proposals and the reviewers and editor for their helpful comments on this paper.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The distribution turning point suggested 23 saves per DOI but this was too large to be used as a cutoff, since it would generate huge co-occurrence matrices that were not technically manageable for further analyses.	0
Figure 4: Number of Journals Remaining in the Top 15 One Year Later	0
Surprisingly, given the quantitative nature of university rankings, qualitative analysis and commentary predominates.	0
Recently, we have developed a method to reclassify the entire WoS database at a level of articles, regardless of the subject category assigned to the journal in which the article was published.	1
These build on one another in a different order from the discussion above, so let me start with "immediacy," first noting how I became concerned with the issues and acknowledging some important assistance.	0
To find out whether reference terms of a target citation can be represented as topics derived from its CCs.	1
While publication practice has often been the subject of scientific studies, communication behaviour at conferences has hardly been empirically investigated.	1
It was concluded that a larger study would provide more reliable results.	1
Following two new citation models called ‘black-white swans' and 'swan-groups' that described interactional citation phenomena in the key publications of Nobel laureates, we find that there are 'associated-sleeping-beauties' in ‘swan-groups' in the field of physics and economics, which means that the phenomena are established in both science and social science.	1
Received September 2, 2014; revised March 9, 2015; accepted March 10, 2015	0
* Corresponding author at: Capital University of Economics and Business, School of Safety and Environmental Engineering, 100070 Beijing, China.	0
This study provides insightful information about recent scientific developments in the field of LIS.	1
By using systematic reviews to identify cohorts of research addressing the same research question, we believe to have found a way to measure whether authors that have a choice between citing equally citable documents tend to choose citing the highly cited ones.	1
Our proposed renormalization method provides a practical approach to curbing the incentive for quantity-driven or unethical publishing practices while recognizing the legitimate variability in research output.	1
However, most existing studies only focus on the second stage of the dissemination of scientific papers on social media, and little research has attempted to combine the cross-community dissemination and the dissemination on social media to profile the relatively comprehensive dissemination process.	1
This study documents the first six unplanned virtual review (VR) sessions conducted during the 2012 hurricane season at the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and their effects on review outcomes.	1
In summary, the most important implication of this study is bringing the sub-discipli-nary cultures as a factor that affects variation in attitudes of scholars toward metric-based research evaluation.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there is no work that has focused on analysing the development of the scientific production on women, peace and security.	1
In this paper, we introduced network analysis in order to evaluate a country'spresence in the academic field.	1
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
To illustrate how we analysed data from Twitter and Facebook, we provide one example of each type of evidence of social impact defined, considering both real and potential social impact, with the type of interaction obtained and the profiles of those who have interacted.	0
The concept of tenure is central to North American higher education institutions.	0
I am grateful to three students in my Scholarly & Professional Communication course, Hyun-Jung Kim, Joan Lussky, and Linda Marion, for reclassifying database subsets and improving the classification scheme.	0
The authors didn't say, because there was no benchmark to guide them.	0
Author Contributions: Concept- SD; Design- SD, FY; Supervision- SD; Resource- SD, FY; Materials- SD, FY; Data Collection and/or Processing- FY; Analysis and/or Interpretation- SD, FY; Literature Search- SD; Writing- SSD; Critical Reviews- SSD, FY.	0
This study presents the first bibliometric analysis on digoxin toxicity publications.	1
Faculty of Computer Science and Information Technology, University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia	0
2023 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of The Japanese Association for Dental Science.	0
In a novel approach, this paper integrates the coupling of digital and green technological innovation into the regression analysis, utilizing panel data encompassing 30 provinces in China from 2011 to 2021.	1
This is the first study to report the trends of sources of research grants worldwide in the last 30 years.	1
This paper is dedicated to Professor Yurij Holovatch on the occasion of his 60th birthday and in recognition of his many important contributions to statistical physics, including sociophysics and related areas.	0
However, caution is recommended in the interpretation of our results, as we only consider those dimensions which involve research output.	0
The four authors included in both tables are Zhang, Y (45/237), Li, Y (54/215), Liu, Y (43/204), and Zhang, J (39/174), given here with the amount of papers they published and the total amount of papers for authors with the same name.	0
This kind of multi-level knowledge structure has not been fully presented in past studies; instead, co-citation analysis or co-word analysis have formed the main basis for judging similarity among academic objects such as words, literature, scholars, institutions, and disciplines.	1
Indiana University's Scholarly Database (SDB), originally launched in 2005, makes over 26 million scholarly records freely available via a unified interface and in data formats that are easy to use and well documented.	1
We believe this submission would be suited to your journal's scope of interest as it focuses on how HEls are engaging in the SDGs across (and between) disciplines.	0
PHOTOS: (FROM TOP) AHNERT ET AL; STEVE GSCHMEISSNER/SCIENCE SOURCE; NASA/GSFC/JEFFERSON BECK	0
This study provides a current highlight on the relationship between academic productivity in rheumatology and economic indicators of OECD countries.	1
A two-dimensional method, the Pm-Cm diagram, was adopted to provide a coherent and simultaneous approach to study the positions, rankings, and temporal evolution of countries in the global context.	1
Secondly, our study also provides insights into how doctoral mentors exert continuous influence on their mentees' academic careers.	1
Author contributions All authors contributed to the study conception and design.	0
Second, we offer a new angle to evaluate returnee performance.	1
This article incorporates a broad disciplinary sample of dissertations from all departments offering doctoral degrees at UNM.	1
b Department of Epidemiology, Institute of Social Medicine, Rio de Janeiro State University, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil	0
We propose a citing-structure perspective for observing the unfolding of breakthrough research from variations in knowledge structure.	1
The importance of research is not under question, but clearly all papers published are not similarly relevant to society.	0
(C1) Provides an overview on how Ivarsson and Gorschek (2011) scoring rubric has been used to assess the quality of primary studies in systematic literature reviews (SLRs) and systematic mapping (SM) studies.	1
‘Location Mobility' counts the event if the scholar affiliation has been changed when time progresses in the research career.	1
However, this report illustrates that disciplinary patterns are robust covariates in a statistical model accounting for some, but not all, factors associated with collaboration.	1
They are at a status passage from the apprentice to the colleague state of their career in their scientific communities, which hinges on the crucially important transition from dependent to independent research (Laudel & Gl?ser, 2008).	0
Results provide a framework for understanding the extent to which policy-makers are leveraging the best available evidence in their efforts to meet the SDGs.	1
The horizontal (left–right) dimension of each strip helps to minimize overlapping points.	0
We also developed a generative citation model to facilitate exploring the impacts of technological (e.g.	1
The term “scientific collaboratory”, at its roots, meant “a laboratory without walls”, which stressed the presence of physical distance between collaborating scientists, who were provided with remote access to instrumentation [26].	0
Our approach achieved state-of-the-art performance in citation intent classification tasks on two benchmark datasets, demonstrating its effectiveness in capturing implicit citation intent patterns.	1
Triad of effective reviewer-comments-as-feedback based on the combination of interview outcomes and linguistic analysis	0
Neighbourhood centrality is a novel measure we designed to capture a researcher's ability to diffuse information to the wider academic community.	1
This present work analyzes the mechanisms that researchers use for addressing problems in research collaboration and author-ship.	1
Alexy Babu for her assistance in gathering the data for statistical analysis.	0
Among all these features, the new feature that was introduced in this research was the Section-wise In-text Citation Weights.	1
Text mining and topic modelling can also be used for comprehensive literature reviews and unbiased selection of potential referees.	1
Estructura de comunidades de dos niveles obtenida con los parámetros 6 y 27.	0
Received: 27 July 2016; Accepted: 17 October 2016; Published: 23 October 2016	0
However, we could find no empirical research studies to answer the question of how best to communicate big deal journal cancellations so that the campus community supports the library.	1
Readers should note that the Altmetric score is a dynamic measure and may alter over time.	0
We demonstrate how information disclosure influences knowledge spillovers and the dynamics of cumulative scientific discovery.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024	0
We speak here mostly to the issue of whether errors are widely associated with particularistic biases.	0
(in particular, table 3) does not replicate the implied association between “applied” and “peripheral.”	0
The use of a computational approach as we describe here would allow updating of the language set to account for the changing nature of scientific language, and then enable analysts to show how those changes might affect the classification of past awards.	1
Peter van den Besselaar is also at Organization Science, VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands; Email: p.vandenbesselaar@rathenau.nl.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
Here, we do so by conducting a comparative analysis of these key factors to shed light on how early-career choices and factors shape the path to later become prominent researchers.	1
As seen in Table 4, when incorporating the fifth journal (Psychology & Neuroscience) into the analyses, the mean error counts were reduced for all three variables while the mean overall rating was increased.	0
Stacy Konkiel (stacy@altmetric.com) is Director of Research & Education at Altmetric, London, UK.	0
We propose using matched control groups to improve causal inference and illustrate that the inclusion of a tailor-made synthetic control group in the statistical analysis helps to avoid methodological artifacts.	1
In this contribution, we develop a new approach to explore the process of knowledge transition from discovery-oriented science to technological fields, via applications-oriented research, including a mediator set.	1
This paper also offers an editorial perspective of the journal's policy, editorial process, and performance progress.	1
Finally, we conclude the findings and their implications for future research.	0
Small circles represent raw data, and large circles are the data obtained from the models.	0
Our contribution to this last strand of literature is that we focus on AI citations while exploring the role that different cities play in bridging the East and West.	1
This paper presents an integrated and easy methodology for bibliometric analysis.	1
A rule-based cycles elimination approach is developed to remove four types of cycles.	1
Theoretically, these considerations demonstrate that excellence is a contested concept that is hard to define, identify and measure.	1
Association of (A) citation count and (B) citation density with the age of publication.	0
In this paper, we have presented a synthesis of a constructive and illuminating discussion and co-authorship process regarding which current elements of funding allocation might prove most useful.	1
Although many studies have investigated an inaccurate citation rate in specific journals, to our knowledge, no previous study has assessed the consequences of inaccurate citations on the journal IF.	1
And if it is indeed different in nature, yet shows similarly reliable results as the h index, the hmen index should be seen as a means to capture an even broader impact of research than the h index, while at the same time staying close to traditional means of impact assessment in comparison to most other altmetrics.	1
The other three themes were: authorship definitions, perceptions and practices; ethical and unethical authorship practices; authorship issues related to collaboration involving the student-supervisor relationship.	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Essentially, it is a visual presentation created to reflect a comprehensive and systematic overview of quantitative bibliometric data obtained from the scientific literature (Van Eck, 2011).	0
The aim of this research was to provide a detailed understanding of MMRs, including their abundance within the citing paper, their locations and distributions, and their citation contexts in the first and subsequent mentions.	1
Using the normal way of counting citations, article A has more impact.	0
Our findings demonstrate some relatively large differences in the reported gender gap depending on the specific indicator used and how the data is disaggregated.	1
1 History of publications by authors from the Baltic States in the Web of Science journals (data 10 January 2011)	0
I have a modest suggestion that could encourage physicians and scientists to deal forthrightly with assigning authorship.	1
This paucity of research is striking considering existing APA guidelines for constructing a title.	1
Table 4 contains the one-year impact factor calculated by the researcher using ISI Web of Science.	0
Consequently, we are able to examine classes of researchers, rather than the examining those who at a given time publish in the different fields.	1
After a careful examination of the expected variance by means of a non-parametric bootstrap approach, we forward a further prediction based on the heteroscedasticity implied by the equal-odds baseline that we term the tilted funnel hypothesis, that describes the shape of a bivariate scatterplot when quality is regressed on quantity, as well as the change in the strength of slope coefficients at different conditional quantiles of the quality distribution.	1
Citations are considered by many to provide a measure of the impact of one's work.	0
Krishna is grateful to Princeton University for support as a Kenen Research Fellow during 2006–2007.	0
The paper proposes an integrated multiple criteria approach for ranking journals.	1
Here, by examining countries' scientific ‘exports'—publications that are indexed in international databases—we reveal a three-cluster structure in the relatedness network of disciplines that underpin national scientific development and the organization of global science.	1
Third, there has been very little reflection among Work and Organizational Psychology (WOP) researchers about cognitive alternatives for the current publication system [16].	1
What sets CogFT apart is its ability to classify research methods with a small amount of annotated corpus, making it ideal for this difficult task.	1
We here describe the catalysis and subsequent development of a successful new process to solicit preprints for consideration for publication in Proceedings B.	1
To the author’s knowledge, this is the first study providing evidence for the justifiability and prevalence of a variety of research practices in economics.	1
The authors received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This was the first time I reviewed my own publication and commented on it in retrospect.	0
Table 2 provides the label and size of each of the factors in the three sets of results.	0
This study aims to figure out whether economic situations of collaborative countries affect the citation impact of international collaboration papers, and how it affects the citation impact.	1
This study, therefore, aims to shed light on the influence of the ambiguity surrounding the assessment of IRC using multinational papers.	1
Nonetheless, our findings are consistent with their conclusion that a dollar increase in public research funding from the current scale would produce an equivalent level of scientific knowledge as a current dollar does.	1
Carolin Haeusslerand Anne Assmusjointly performed Conceptualization, Methodology, Data Assembling, Analyzing and Interpreting Data, Writing, Revising, and Editing.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial License 4.0 (CCBY-NC), where it is permissible to download, share, remix, transform, and buildup the work provided it is properly cited.	0
We are not aware of any conflicts of interest relevant to this paper.	0
We identified four distinctive groups of categories each showing some detectable shared characteristics.	1
To test whether the quantity of papers can represent the quality of research, we ran- domly selected 100 project samples and calculated the total impact factor of papers published in English-language SCI journals.4	0
A new checklist will allow authors to explain in a more realistic way what really happened.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
designing and developing a visualization tool, OLGAVis, which provides visual exploration and analysis of bibliographic databases easily and conveniently.	1
A study of the correlation between h-index and the number of citations can be found elsewhere (Schubert, 2009).	0
154 JOURNAL OF LIBRARIANSHIP AND INFORMATION SCIENCE, 36 (4) DECEMBER 2004	0
Besides, we also introduce an axiom contraction consistency.	1
High centrality scores from the sample of 73 journals do not necessarily indicate close connections with IS.	1
Total publications for each area of study for 348 top universities: minimum, various percentile levels, and maximum value.	0
Any of these counts may be affected by false drops based on homonymic authors’ names.	0
Otto Auranen is a researcher at TaSTI, University of Tampere, Finland.	0
Results are very similar if we impose the same cutoffs for both groups.	0
Stephen Hilgartner, Steve Sturdy, Robert Cook-Deegan, and other members of the Advisory Board of our project devoted considerable time to provide us with guidance and commented on earlier drafts of the papers.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
*Tel: 61 6 217 0500; Fax: 61 6 217 0501; E-mail: copland@aciar.gov.au.	0
Secondly, we provide a valuable exploration of the IEEE Xplore database, which distinguishes this work from studies that rely on commonly used databases such as Web of Science and Scopus.	1
For the latest information about departments of internal medicine, please visit APM's website at www.im.org/APM.	0
Using Gibbs Sampling to solve the model, the entire solution process is as Table 3 shows:	0
Thanks for support on the project are due to James G.	0
The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: the next section gives a brief description of historical details.	0
The author declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In this view, the significance of our approach is that it provides a measure of interdisciplinarity based on how much the usage of words in different disciplines overlap.	1
This inconsistency makes it possible to identify the different impacts the two ranking systems have.	0
Further, our review is intended to inform authors of ORM best practice articles how their recommen- dations are being interpreted and utilized by researchers in the field.	1
So far, it is presumed that no fractionalization has been done.	0
Research funded by Ministry of Education and Science (EA2006-0071 and EA2006-0077).	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/367597635	0
To begin with, the diagonal value issue should be dealt with.	0
This study proposed a research agenda in the finite mixture model by identifying its current state and population trends.	1
describe a computational model that learns in a similar fashion and does so better than current deep learning algorithms.	1
Our work contributes to existing research on scientific communication systems by identifying three functions fulfilled by non-mainstream journals: training, knowledge bridging, and knowledge gap-filling.	1
Consequently, it was not a random sample; we attempted to include all ecologists sensu lato complying with those requisites.	0
* RUS covers Soviet Union till 1991; thereafter, RUS is for the Russian Federation.	0
This study also adds to the literature on the conditions of returnee scientists' peer effect.	1
I proposed a method to place publications onto the translational spectrum, by learning embeddings of controlled vocabularies.	1
In this study, we proposed a novel deep learning-based feature engineering approach that improves search capabilities by mining algorithmic-specific metadata from full-text scientific publications.	1
The large sample size of the current study, >23,000 papers submitted to six journals, provides the statistical power necessary to detect gender differences in the range of 5%–10%.	1
where N – the number of cells in the given classification (number of sources in the DF).	0
For the reason that these guidelines have not yet been studied from a bibliometric perspective, we found relevant new information on the temporal distribution of guideline references, citation frequencies for references in background text vs.	1
However, the most popular bibliometric indicators, such as citations and h-index for scientists, do not consider multiple co-authorship and author position versus contribution (Hunt et al.	0
The number of papers and the proportions of all papers in the 2 classes are shown in Table 3.	0
Centre for Science, Technology, Energy and Environmental Policy, Science Policy Research Unit,	0
Received 31 May 2023; Received in revised form 28 November 2023; Accepted 30 December 2023	0
What is missing from the discussion is the opinion of the authors who publish articles in OA and subscription-based journals: almost all of the OACE studies published to date are based on the underlying assumption that authors care a great deal about the number of citations their articles receive.	1
Therefore, beyond the assessment of journals' influence, the study tries to address why some journals enjoy greater influences than others in Internet research from a structural and longitudinal perspective.	1
David, Domuta, and Moore (2002) presented the first comprehensive scientometric appraisal of Romanian psychology on the international scene after about a decade of psychology in a democratic regime (using Web of Science publications for analysis).	1
For the collaboration analysis, we introduced two newly proposed indicators to our study.	1
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
This study establishes an applicable burst detection model and reveals the difference between SBPF and SBP wake-up methods.	1
For an indepth overview and discussion of the continuing relevance of this topic, see [44,58]).	0
Table 1 Journals Journals American Economic Review Journal of International Economics	0
Figure 1 compares total citations and percentages for different types of publications.	0
The identification of certain collaboration patterns leading to higher citation counts would be considered a significant contribution to bibliometrics and would offer a potential method for normalization of citation numbers in order to arrive at a more accurate tool for impact measurement.	1
Despite these problems, the published analysis clearly shows that there are large differences between different academic disciplines with respect to patterns of authorship and citation; the investigations evaluate such diverse fields as physics (Gupta, 1990), systematic botany (Delendick, 1990), medical libraries (Tsay, 1998), library and information science (Cronin & Overfelt, 1994), and Kurdish scholarship (Meho & Sonnenwald, 2000).	0
This similarity of citation patterns between the two groups suggests possible special connections of bio- and nano-topics within the broader context of nanosciences and indicates certain integration of knowledge in the sense of bio-nano topics.	1
Despite broad consensus regarding the positive effect on senior and successful scientists' research productivity, its effects on early career scientists have remained insufficiently investigated.	1
This research will help determine the scientometric profile of the academic production of all Peruvian medical schools in Scopus.	1
Both properties reflect the degree of interdisciplinarity: this affirmation is maybe clearer for [1] than for [2].	0
It is therefore important to assess whether sites like SlideShare are genuinely transforming the scholarly landscape in the sense of including valuable content that makes a long-term contribution to academic research.	1
The findings from this study will help researchers gain a holistic understanding of the issue of inadequate and omitted citations in research manuscripts.	1
An alternative methodological approach to the two mentioned above was developed by us to study the translation of knowledge on cervical cancer.	1
Notes: Manuscript counts are smoothed using 3-month moving average except at the policy change.	0
Therefore, this study proposes an embedding methodology that uses important content from scientific and technical documents.	1
2014), the current study examines the prominent studies and social media in Asian countries, in the perspective of the Quadruple Helix.	1
The author gratefully acknowledges the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO) for financing substantial parts of the building and further development of our bibliometric data-system.	0
4 At the onset of our research, the 2018 Ranking had not yet been released.	0
In this work, we expand a conventional citation graph to a heterogeneous graph of publications, scientists, venues, organizations based on more reliable social media sources such as mainstream news and weblogs.	1
We extend the model with two novel indicators, English proficiency and bilateral internet ties-two key forces in the dissemination of research and knowledge more generally.	1
Following this Introduction, Section 2 gives a brief history; Section 3 provides the related work; Section 4 presents the research methods; Section 5 discusses the productivity and impact of this field, and Section 6 summarizes the results and addresses future research.	0
Of course, this methodology is not without limitations, in particular because it strongly relies on researchers' interpretation of the data (Alvesson and Sandberg, 2020).	0
I appreciate the use of the Science Citation Index volumes at the University of Arizona Science Library.	0
This work is also the first to propose a strategic model to enhance research productivity.	1
Please cite this article in press as: Campos-Varela I, Ruano-Ravi?a A.	0
The heterogeneous network under consideration is composed of three networks, shown in Fig.	0
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
This way users can arbitrarily combine the results of both approaches and thus improve precision and recall of their results.	1
Source: Salary data from "University of California, Fiscal Year 2005-06 Payroll Data"; years since receipt of Ph.D.	0
More importantly, taking Nature as an example, we not only show a method for calculating the journal IF but also make a full study of its structural features, including the contributions of different document types, highly cited papers, highly cited authors, different institutions, and different countries as well as regions.	1
This model is extended by considering frequency and distribution of the scientific documents cited in other scientific documents, considering proximity of two scientific documents cited in a scientific document, and combining citation networks with textual similarity network.	1
The new method described here should perhaps not be viewed as a comprehensive method of identifying the societal impacts of a body of research.	1
Outside of Physics, the increase in the number of extreme publishing authors seems to have accelerated during 2016–2022 with a >threefold increase in this period.	1
The reverberation index, or r-index, does just that.	1
Although it is more difficult to get published in journals, the effort is ultimately rewarded with a higher impact.	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Long-term data on the academic career outcomes of OREF resident research grant recipients are lacking.	1
The authors thank Eric Bonsang, Didier Fouarge, two anonymous referees, as well as audience at the annual EALE-conference 2009 in Tallinn for helpful comments.	0
My answer is based on the view of the scientific paper as a piece of argumentation, following an inferentialist approach to scientific knowledge.	1
As these approaches are data-driven and unsupervised [12], they offer a quantitative and bottom-up view.	1
However, because to our knowledge, qualitative studies on research misconduct among researchers in the academic community has not been done previously, the results from this study will be a valuable contribution to the existing literature on research misconduct.	1
At times, even the committee deciding the Nobel Prize each year has been criticised for improper selection of the candidate!	0
First, the absence of explicit national impact policies in SSA provided us with a context to study how academics that are not yet bounded by policy definitions of impact understand the concept.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wacq20	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, none of the papers has provided a general picture of the current state and evolution of OR-MS using bibliometric indicators.	1
To analyze the development of disaster medicine and to identify the main obstacles to improving disaster medicine research and application.	1
In this study, we analyze a frontier technology (nanotechnology), in which China has invested considerable resources, and identify a number of barriers to successful innovation.	1
In view of this, based on the evaluation science theory, discourse power theory and communication theory, this article defines the conceptual connotation of academic discourse power and discourse power of academic journal, analyzes the constituent dimensions and component elements of academic journal discourse power, discusses the formation process and tries to build an evaluation model of discourse power of academic journals.	1
CERN was founded with the objectives to promote science but also to foster the understanding between nations.	1
This study uses the checklist method, survey studies, and HCRs to identify 100 of the world's most prestigious awards.	1
Received on August 14, 2009; revised on September 29, 2009; accepted on October 3, 2009	0
The full list of Scopus Subject Areas and codes is available at https://service.elsevier.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/15181/	0
3 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development currently has 36-member countries, from North and South America to Europe and Asia-Pacific, including 27 from the Europe (https://www.oecd.	0
But our research shows that there is no consensus on “deserving" or on what type of contribution suffices for co-authorship award.	1
As a contribution to previous research, the present study provides a panoramic view of the perceptions of scholars, motivations of reviewers, and challenges associated with the peer-review process and offers suggestions that may apply to various research fields for improvement.	1
We conclude by providing the reasons motivating our drive towards institutionally funded OA models, which we plan to expand beyond R&P in future years to include Subscribe to Open.	0
After adding academic disciplines to the control variables, there remain substantial "publisher effects", with some publishers reporting significantly more downloads than would be predicted by the characteristics of their journals.	1
The most cited institutions and their citation frequen- cies in oncology (top 20, 2001-2010).	0
Through this current DH project, we succeeded in expanding our role from curators of collection to creators of knowledge.	1
The analysis of collaborative contribution networks and hot spots in earthquake research from a global perspective will reveal some rules and trends in this field that will provide references and macroguidance for scientific researchers in the field.	1
We empirically assess this criticism by comparing public ratings of NSF-funded projects, based on their Project Outcomes Report (POR), using NSF's and Smith's criteria.	1
The framework incorporates three novel indicators that quantify a technology's technical potential and social impacts, not just in one specific technological area but in a wide range of domains.	1
To our best knowledge this is the first study in the field of orthodontics that studies the top-cited articles, using a longitudinal set-up embracing the last three decades.	1
In this paper we build on previous studies of CANs and extend them by closely examining aspects related to the structure of researchers' networks.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
As such, the findings of the present bibliometric and citation analysis of the contact lens journals and literature disclosed several relevant particularities (mainly in citing half-life and overall number of citations), which suggest that the contact lens field of research may be considered a subspecialty, such as optometry or vision science, within the Ophthalmology thematic area.	1
Acknowledgements We wish to thank Natsuo Onodera for his invaluable insights regarding the measuring of the novelty score.	0
Received 19 September 2012; Revised 4 November 2013; Accepted 15 November 2013	0
This article was aimed at investigating the international circulation of ideas between three English-speaking majority countries, namely Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom.	1
This article provides a new approach for evaluating the impact of a research paper with novel metrics which assess the academic influence it has on subsequently published papers.	1
The growth of electronic publishing, peer review and charge requisition from 1991 to 2000.	0
The table reports the estimates based on the model specification in Eq.	0
Changes in the number of articles and citations in Complex Networks.	0
Appendix 1 shows the distribution and percentage of outlinks according to the national links and the percentage over the total European outlinks.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Two numerical observations described in this study are fundamental to understanding the properties of the high-citation tails of citation distributions and their use for research assessment.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
This paper also uses five RAMs from the highly accessible RePEc database (see [10]) which, to the best of our knowledge, has not previously been compared with citations RAMs using ISI data.	1
Finally, this study is exploratory and one of the first of its kind to examine the performance of an entire discipline.	1
Finally, we only consider the direct citation while ignoring the indirect citations that can also represent the flow of knowledge.	0
Therefore, we propose to categorize both endogamy and mobility to account for this international experience.	1
Although our analyses are limited to 2005–2014, Scopus data are shown in the figures to demonstrate indexing trends for all years covered by Scopus.	0
The order of signatures and the address for correspondence in scientific publications are bibliographic characteristics that facilitate a precise, in-depth analysis of cooperative practices and their associations with concepts like dominance, balance, and subordination with regard to participation in research activities.	1
This finding adds to the literature of collaboration and offers the insight that more is not always better, a truism that seems to hold throughout a scholar's career.	1
Stress-testing networks using bibliometric analysis is a low-cost and effective method for assessing regional capacity building efforts that can easily be replicated with little effort.	1
No access number is required, but you must provide the name of specific researchers to download their CVs individually.	0
To our knowledge, this is probably the first large scale diachronic study on the use of adjectives and adverbs in scientific writing.	1
Also, we apply the network perspective to the traditional bibliometric field and present our results more effectively in the form of knowledge mapping, which helps more scholars understand the development status more intuitively.	1
We gratefully acknowledge comments received from participants at this conference and from the anonymous journal reviewers.	0
Taking into account the various factors identified in this essay and the concerns just raised, the following definition of text recycling is offered: Text recycling is the reuse of textual material (prose or visuals) from one document in a new document where (1) the material in the new document is identical to that of the source or substantively equivalent in both form and content; (2) the material serves the same rhetorical function in both documents; and (3) at least one author of the new document is also an author of the prior document (unless the source contains a statement explicitly granting permission for its contents to be recycled).	1
1 School of Data Science, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia, USA	0
As an open source software framework, CIShell is powerful for integrating datasets, algorithms, tools, and computing resources easily.	0
This research seeks to contribute to the current literature in the following aspects.	1
We observe that f(0) = ?1 and f(1) = ai ?	0
In this study, they are treated as one journal with the name of Industrial Engineer.	0
This paper developed a new index, called the JEI index, to rank 1422 economic institutions, based on 8725 individuals from the editorial board memberships of 211 journals in the ABS Academic Journal Guide.	1
The article contributes to a better understanding of the role of meritocratic and non-meritocratic factors in achieving highly competitive job positions.	1
Thus the article presents a useful and detailed analytical account of research potential and competitiveness of IISERs.	1
This is the first paper to explore the social sciences in South Africa, examining the interrelationships between the types of collaboration and the impact of research publications as measured in the count of citations.	1
Our study broadly encompasses all spine literature, both operative and nonoperative as well as basic science, clinical, and cadaveric studies, regardless of what specialty they originated from, in an effort to characterize the trends in retracted literature across the whole field.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Our analysis, which draws on a larger and more diverse sample of authors and journals, suggests a different development.	1
In addition, we quantified the number of manuscripts published by CT surgery trainees who served as the first-author of at least one project, and while the total number of first-author manuscripts published per trainee has remained similar, the number of BSR publications decreased and the number of COR publications increased.	1
However, it has been observed that there are no precedents in the use of this technique within the area of bank marketing.	1
We were also interested in whether academics on RG extend their communication to an offline setting.	0
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 briefly introduces related work.	0
Our data demonstrate the indispensable role that preprints, and preprint servers, are playing during a global pandemic.	1
As such, this study contributes to the literature on factors affecting research productivity by focusing on a population that has received little attention in a comparative setting.	1
In the following section, we review the existing criteria for identifying princes of SBs.	0
Both co-word and document co-citation analysis are characteristic of "knowledge domain analysis”, a library and information science topic of research.	0
The final section concludes our paper and presents avenues for future work.	0
By studying how we have attempted to study, and therein shape, discourses and practices around science, technology and security, we are able to see the forces at work in opening up and closing down what kinds of analysis are even allowable.	1
This study introduces a new bibliometric approach to study the effects of international scientific mobility on knowledge transfer.	1
I am very grateful to two anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
This work was supported by National Institutes of Health grant SCOR P50 1994 HL073996.	0
Thankfully, new tools are now available to speed the process of compiling works cited.	0
Such analysis also provides proactive evidence of value to the academy.	1
Received September 25, 2013; revised December 19, 2013; accepted December 20, 2013.	0
No study has analyzed the power law relationship between degree centrality of countries and their CBP.	1
The structure and evolutionary model for the international collaboration network in educational technology is proposed.	1
To mitigate these limitations, this paper uses Latent Dirichlet Allocation to create topic-based linkages between publications and patents based on the semantic content in the documents.	1
This makes it possible for a programme under analysis to be covered as completely as possible (see Fig.	0
Take a detail analysis of the retrieval result, we can find that most of the study of OA in China focuses in the field of library and information science.	0
6 Follower networks of Twitter users mentioning highly tweeted papers #1, #2, #3 and #6	0
Therefore, we consider that our paper is essential to contribute to scientific knowledge by providing a global vision of this research topic.	1
Our study is the first to analyze the quantity and quality of research productivity in the field of infectious diseases in Arab countries.	1
The opinions expressed in the present article are the sole responsibility of the authors; they do not reflect the official positions of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Research Council, or the committee.	0
Focusing on the scientific impact of typical big-science research infrastructure and differing from existing descriptive and bibliometric studies of specific research infrastructures (e.g., Hallonsten, 2013, 2014; Martin and Irvine, 1981, 1983; Zhang et al., 2011), our DID econometric design partly overcomes the endogeneity issue of big-science infrastructures and is able to infer the impact of SSRF on discipline-level science production.	1
This association was not seen among plastic surgeons in private practice (RR=0.89 1.09 1.32, p<0.4).	0
This article aims to contribute to this literature by exploring Maghreb researchers' behavioural patterns and preferences in regard to scientific collaboration as well as analyzing factors that encourage or impede collaborative work.	1
When we define all Nobel laureates' publications existing in their Nobel lectures with references as ‘Nobel key publications', we have found and proposed a new pattern called the ‘black-white swans' (Zeng et al. 2017), where ‘black swan' is a research publication (key paper) represented a breakthrough and promoted scientific progress (i.e., awarded Nobel prize), and ‘white swans' refer to highly cited publications that are cited by the 'black swan', existing in the references of the ‘black swan'.	1
Our research makes efforts to promote responsible peer review by reviewers.	1
This instrumental way of conceptualizing what could count as a “bias” in peer review comes apart from the traditional conception in interesting ways: for example, it may be most effective and efficient for a scientific community to achieve its aims by violating impartial peer review through some optimal distribution of partial peer review processes across the community (Zollman 2009; Lee and Schunn 2011; Lee 2012).	0
Keywords: academic libraries | information literacy | lateral reading | predatory journals | scholarly communications	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
From these means it seems that those departments used in the regression analyses were different from those not included.	0
Lane is now at the Department of Psychology, Rice University, Houston, Texas.	0
The objective of the present study is to provide an updated and systematic examination of the development and current state of research productivity in the UAE.	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The first row in each cell is correlation coefficient and the second row the probability that the coefficient equals to zero.	0
Two follow-up electronic reminders were sent to those individuals who had not completed the initial survey.	0
To address the lack of a quantitative measure for MP representativeness, this study approaches the issue from a structural perspective, considering MPs to be representative of the documents that are structurally related to them.	1
If for the moment we set aside the re-scaling (score), Q = Mean (TP, TC, HiCP, ICP).	0
The study aims to contribute to potential readers interesting information regarding the comparison of social science journals in Central Europe covered by the SSCI citation index, based on data from the Web of Science database and Journal Citation Reports (JCR), covering the period 2012 – 2015.	1
We believe that the refinements and advances presented here and, in particular the capacity that the researcher mobility model has for further expansion, contributes to a more comprehensive understanding of researcher mobility.	1
For that reason, the AJRs should be "handled with care" (Wall, 2009) if we take into account that the “correct AJR” does not exist, which implies that all the published rankings could be criticized to some extent.	0
First, and as far as the author is aware, no work related to the diversity of disciplinarity among finance journals has been reported.	1
A new element in this study is the time trend of inventor-author self-citations.	1
Figure 1 shows a scheme for data retrieval for this study with numbers showing how many documents were retrieved in each step.	0
However, the analyses conducted show the lack of a current topic like ankle arthroscopy.	1
The approach described here is an agile option for addressing bibliometric requests where no previous bibliometric service has been established.	1
We are grateful to VINNOVA for their support of this study.	0
Here I point to some of these problems and illustrate them by considering as a case in point the field of philosophy.	1
Here, proceeding papers belong to articles, and book chapters belong to reviews.	0
Acknowledgements We would like to thank the Overton for granting us access to the Overton database.	0
The numbers of incorrect sequences in each corpus are shown below the x-axis.	0
We acknowledge the support of the European Research Council ERC (the GendERC project, grant 610706) and the Bank of Sweden Tercentenary Foundation (the Searching for excellence and funding effects project, grant P12-1302:1).	0
The choice of the approach to follow depends on some facts.	0
The main contribution of our work is to explore the potential relationship between agents in knowledge networks and propose a novel knowledge convergence prediction model.	1
Therefore, the main practical application of this study is that it shows that the use of WoS subject delimiters for topic analyses in biomedical documents is not neutral.	1
This practice excludes book reviews, editorials, and similar items for which no submission fee is likely to be required.	0
Our study implements a comprehensive approach for the identification of the main trends in the development of SNA, with a representation of various disciplinary areas, groups of scientists, and topics.	1
SPI-Hub's decision support functionality relies on a data framework that describes journal publication policies and practices through a newly designed metadata structure, the Knowledge Management Journal Record?.	1
The rationale behind the s-index is that it brings urgently needed context (e.g., self-citation data) to the h-index without introducing distortions.	1
This is small chaff but may be gritty unless swept away.	0
we integrate user preferences into our framework by providing an interaction model and contextualizing the different elements of our reconstruction workflow in the theoretical framework of the embodied cognition,	1
The main aim of this study is thus to use an innovative statistical technique, hierarchical partitioning, to clarify the debate concerning the crucial predictors of a country's number of Nobel awards.	1
The present study sets out to bridge this research gap and add to a growing understanding of plagiarism management in higher education.	1
Lowell Goldsmith of the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry for providing helpful discussions of issues raised by the data.	0
Differently from other studies based on author analysis, our methodology is not impacted by authors' names ambiguity (Zhang and Ban 2020; Sebo et al.	1
This study is an attempt to fill a gap in OA journal research.	1
The development phase is summarised here, with additional details provided in online supplementary file 2.	0
Before running the full regression models, we conducted a cross tabulation to investigate differences in outcomes across the four groups of interest in Time 1.	0
He has been active in quantitative science and technology studies since 1981.	0
Compare this to five pages of open space to detail the project and budget.	0
In contrast with the well-known Popperian/Kuhnian qualitative and descriptive picture of science, which relate natural phenomena and their explanations with the practices of scientists, our approach leverage on the large and relatively complete data set on scientific publications, to look at changes at a whole-of-science (whole-of-physics in this paper) level, to quantify the types of changes (birth, death, growth, decay, merge, split) and their impacts on scientific research.	1
*x2= 22.5, df 9, P <0.01; x2 = 17.3, df 9, P < 0.05; x2 = 24.0, df 9, P <0.01.	0
The paper is organized as follows: "Literature review" section explores and discusses the previous literature.	0
Aswini Saravanan: Conceived and designed the experiment; Performed the experiment; Analyzed and interpreted the data; Contributed analysis tools or data; Wrote the paper.	0
The empirical study of the Angiotensin scientists was used as a test example.	0
[editor's note: With the exception of the last pages --which would be the back cover of the printed issue-- that are not included in this file, it has the same contents as the printed edition.	0
The assessment form for a societal impact factor which is to be filled out by the reviewer.	0
Instead of bibliometric citation analysis based on WoS data, we measured research performance by using comprehensive national publication data including all publication types and languages, and the Finnish national expert-based JUFO classification of journals and book publishers as a quality-index.	1
Miller, Ph.D., Vice President, Academic Affairs, AACP, for providing the necessary information and helpful suggestions throughout this study.	0
This study, to the best of our knowledge, is the first detailed analysis of the research publication output in the field of diabetes from MEA countries.	1
This paper shows that two distributions widely-used in economics, namely the Dagum and Singh-Maddala models, possess several advantages over the two-exponent model.	1
While the Sections 1–3 provide a condensed review of the research concept, Section 4	0
Due to the shift in the SRA founding policy, the before and after periods of having access to three important scholarly journals collections can now be clearly distinguished.	1
At the time this study was conducted, she was professor of medicine and health professions education, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland; ORCID: http://orcid.org/0000-0002-2997-6133.	0
We still think that confirmatory studies need to be carried on and also that we need to collect more data and have webmasters validating them.	0
This study proposes an analytical framework for the topics of electronic resources by adopting the Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) posted by the U.S.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Dissemination of the findings of studies of this nature should contribute to heightening sensitivity to the gender dimension in ERC calls.	1
While the reporting in other studies of ASN usage is not explicit on this point, it does appear that surveys and interviews are conducted in English, and as such users who may have limited English skills may be further excluded from such research.	1
Ce chiffre est la somme des différents auteurs de 1996 et 1997.	0
4 These interviewees did not, however, include any writers of the texts which comprised Hyland's corpus.	0
Received April 25, 2013; revised August 6, 2013; accepted August 6, 2013	0
Here the focus is on another possible relationship, namely, the one that may exist between alternative metrics and retractions.	1
Note(s): Results of Mann-Whitney U test for differences on the yearly distribution of the number of teams: Z-score = -3.445, Sig.(2-tailed) = 0.001	0
Another possible combination, not revealed by the illustrative data, would be a low synchronous rate associated with a low diachronous rate.	0
Up to the authors’ best knowledge and based on a literature review, no bibliometric analysis of nursing and midwifery research in Arab countries had been published.	1
Hence, it is clear that the evaluation of research presupposes the evaluation of its outputs.	0
While a few studies have employed scale-adjusted latent classes (e.g., Burke et al.	1
A bibliometric analysis of research scholarship recipients publications and h-index scores was conducted to understand the benefits of receiving these scholarships.	1
As far as we know, our work is the first to assess the entire Brazilian whole coauthorship network using data from more than a million researchers.	1
The mathematical foundation and implications of this method is presented in the Appendix.	0
Our paper emphasizes the journal level factors in affecting citations and the findings enrich our understanding in this stream of research.	1
Merton, 1973), suggesting that academic recruitment is subject to particularistic considerations.	1
Another novel aspect of our study was to look at promotion to full professorship.	1
Third, this paper studied three representative cases and provided recommendations for CELAJS.	1
Keywords Astronomy and astrophysics · Science citation index · Web of science	0
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
Dr Laurens Hessels (corresponding author) is at the Department of Science System Assessment, Rathenau Instituut, Anna van Saksenlaan 51, PO Box 95366, 2509 CJ The Hague, The Netherlands; Email: l.hessels@rathenau.nl; Tel: +31-703421542.	0
We displayed percentages instead of raw citation counts to remove disparity due to differences in the number of publications over different years.	0
Introduced Flow Vergence gradient, a new metric, reflects FV effect.	1
5Note that the measures of concentration would be significantly higher if the cumulative number of articles were taken into account.	0
Our study also provides implications for researchers who are interested in the nature of relationships between individual scientists and their performance.	1
This work is supported by the "Youth Innovation Team Project" of the Higher Education Institutions under the Shandong Provincial Department of Education (No.	0
9 There are 67 level-2 UDC subdisciplines, but only 47 of them have at least 20 members in the observed period, while out of 234 level-3 UDC subdisciplines in total, only 100 have at least 20 members.	0
Section 4 describes the data, and Section 5 presents the results.	0
A more feasible, second-best solution is to create subdiscipline rankings and norms about citation levels.	1
Note: The values in bold represent the indicators where we observed statistical significant differences; P-value < 0.05.	0
The Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) proposed an alternative approach to calculating citation impact to address the challenge of turning citation data into management information (Potter et al., 2020).	1
In this work, we present our own approach for judging the quality of a Computer Science/Computer Engineering conference venue, and thus, implicitly, the potential quality of a paper accepted in that conference.	1
The results will hopefully inform further decisions taken regarding supportive Gold Open Access Policy initiatives.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Our article tries to shed light on the characteristics of the computer science research community in the countries of the G20 group over the last 30 years.	1
Likewise, one reason of the slight growth of productivity of the Official Scientific Research Institutions could be the financial difficulties they had to give entrance to young scientists to their staff.	0
I would like to thank two anonymous reviewers for their valuable feedback to improve this article.	0
We propose to do the same using basic and some derived indicators to obtain a 'Quality-Quantity' Composite Index (QQCI) for the set of 39 Central Universities in India.	1
The proportion of words each statement included from these eight topics was surprisingly predictive of the environment score that the unit received in REF2021.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-April 2008	0
Note: PT= publication type, AU= author(s), DE= author keywords, PM=PubMed ID	0
***p < 0.001; **p < 0.01; *p < 0.05; +p < 0.10.	0
Figure 2 Retractions expressed as a percentage of the total number of publications listed in Medline 1980–2009.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We now compare the concept maps of the CI field in 2002 and 2006.	0
It ends with a proposal for an alternative methodology which leads to groupings rather than point estimates.	1
the survey presented in this article sets itself apart from previous studies by inquiring detailed information about degrees of usage of a multitude of individual actions available on social media platforms.	1
Note that only the plankton casts represent biological assessments and the database omits measures of current velocity and acoustical and optical oceanography.	0
4 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2013	0
In the long term, I believe we as social scientists need to move beyond the paradigm in which a single study can establish a definitive result.	1
The effects of these policies on scientists are relatively unexplored.	1
In other words, we consider metrics such that adding new authors to a group does not decrease the relevance of the group.	0
Alexander Professor of Statistical Science and Professor of Social Statistics, Department of Statistical Science, Cornell University, 1190 Comstock Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853.	0
This is what we do in this study.	1
We also thank Erjia Yan, Yuyin Sun, and two anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments.	0
Both authors read and approved the final version of the manuscript.	0
The work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (7101017006, 71173187).	0
Objective benchmarks, such as the median h-index and NIH funding, provide additional insights for both junior faculty and leadership into the productivity needed to attain promotion to the next academic rank for surgical oncologists.	1
The deadline was later extended to 31 May and finally to 15 June 2012.	0
In the same way, this accounting of the number of publications and of female teachers will affect the number of female authors by broad discipline areas.	0
3 (Top) As the penalty cb increases the journal wants to minimize the chance of losing a high-quality manuscript which happens if Abenchmark is reduced and Qbenchmark is increased; (bottom) as the penalty from reviewer dissatisfaction with the revised manuscript (cu) increases, the journal wants to increase the expected level of author effort Abenchmark and decrease Qbenchmark	0
Thus, the current proposal constitutes an important extension of White's framework by considering more 'interactions' (citation relationships) between citing papers.	1
The Role of the Liver in Guanidoacetic Acid Metabolism in Man	0
The non-linear projection capabilities offered by the SOM neural network and the novel data normalization technique based on the logarithmic transformation of an appropriate piecewise linear scaling, not only cluster the data but also offer different visual representations which allow for further inferences about the data-set.	1
For example, for papers published between January and December 1970, all citations appearing in 1975 are counted in year five, even though the actual interval range is between 4 and 6 years.	0
The impact of open access (OA) journals is still understudied in the field of oncology.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=whmm20	0
Received March 14, 2004; revised September 20, 2005; accepted September 22, 2005	0
Bero: Institute for Health Policy Studies, 1388 Sutter Street, 11th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94109.	0
Despite these efforts to understand the nature and frequency of wrongdoing in research, less is known about the consequences of research misconduct (and its associated punishments and professional stigma) for an offending scientist's career.	1
Address queries to Nancy Da Silva, San Jose State University, One Washington Square, San Jose, CA 95192–0070; telephone: (408) 924–7798; fax: (408) 924–3555; email: Nancy.Dasilva@sjsu.edu.	0
**Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin für Sozialforschung (WZB), Reichpietschufer 50, D-1000 Berlin 30 (Germany)	0
In the dental literature, there are considerably fewer studies on this topic, although both medical and dental articles emphasize many of the same reasons for rejection.	1
In our case, we will not worry too much about these marginal concerns with the broad and narrow views, since both accounts easily classify Researcher X's output as testimony.	0
After we have chosen a pair, we estimate the prior probabilities Pq(A), Pq(B) and Pq(C) for each question, across all the remaining students.	0
We would like to thank Erin LoFrese, MS, for her editorial contributions to this manuscript.	0
Secondly, these review papers chose the published articles to analyze according to the author's subjective experience, and the selection criteria are not clear.	1
Presented at Combined Otolaryngology Spring Meetings, National Harbor, Maryland, U.S.A., April 18-22, 2018.	0
This study expands traditional flat single-layer topic evolution analysis into multi-level structural evolution analysis, which can better understand how a large-scale discipline develops over time.	1
interpreted as relatively low, and as a result, the first hypothesis expressed above is rejected.	0
The captions below network snapshots record the time interval, the number of nodes, the number of co-citation links, and three thresholds.	0
To date, bibliometric analysis has not been applied to the field of immunotherapy for sepsis.	1
In this paper, we investigate whether peer review generates new insights about the scientific quality of grant applications.	1
The Director- General of the WHO, "Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus," on February 11, 2020, announced that the disease is caused by this new coronavirus and named it “COVID-19.”	0
It can certainly be stated that Johnson is no longer as eminent as he was in his lifetime.	0
Some considerations about causes and effects in studies of performance-based research funding systems.	0
Thus, this study aims to examine the impact of inbreeding on scientific productivity, distinguishing various forms of inbreeding, and to explore the mechanism with which inbreeding is translated into high or low productivity.	1
We believe that this is the first attempt to develop a system to combat against such problems.	1
In summary, the contribution of this paper is its use of co-word analysis as an alternative approach and its revelation of the intellectual structure (research patterns and trends) of RecSys in China during the period of 2004–2013.	1
5 Co-authorship network of DBLP (left), PubMed Central (center), and WoS (right)	0
An overview about the percentual distribution of codes related to this research question is provided in Table 3 in the online appendix.	0
In general, the geology workshop constituted a first step towards the development and strengthening of practical activities aimed at children.	1
Our paper makes several contributions to understanding expert evaluation of novel projects.	1
This study addresses the multidimensional nature of calamity through the lens of social sciences research.	1
1 Escola de Comunica??es e Artes, Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil, 2 Instituto de Biociências, Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil, 3 Instituto de Biologia, Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 4 Instituto de Ciências Biomédicas, Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil, 5 S?o Paulo, Brazil, 6 New York, New York, United States of America	0
In this study, we have analyzed the patterns of scientific contribution in the field of public health according to income level categories, and world regions of countries and authors.	1
As you did it in the other tables, please insert a 0 before the decimal point of the values in table 5	0
This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.	0
The journal count presented some difficulties, given that nine journals have parallel editions on SD, with separate titles and ISSNs (Spanish–English, Portuguese-English, and Portuguese-Spanish–English).	0
This study is the first to report the prevalence of honorary authorship and factors associated with honorary authorship in the physical medicine and rehabilitation literature.	1
The Duke University Chemistry Department consists of approximately 25 faculty, 30 postdoctoral fellows, 100 graduate students, and more than 1,000 undergraduates in general and organic chemistry courses each semester.	0
According to the above preliminary analysis, it can be deduced that the effects of researcher quality and R&D budget on research	0
Fig 2 displays the overall distributions of the two citation measures.	0
Here we introduce a quantitative approach, based on the Q-model, to compare the fluctuations in luck and variations in the typical impact across different creative fields.	1
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
This finding represents a damming evidence against the viability of the bucket classification of journals where a large group of supposedly elite journals appear in one group and labelled A* or something like that.	1
Evidence from randomized experiments on the scientific community such as ours will presumably be increasingly valuable to policymakers as they consider reforms to scientific institutions (Azoulay 2012) and more generally our study provides a template for the design of randomized control trials in innovation research (Boudreau and Lakhani 2016).	1
The link prediction method was introduced to reveal the dynamic changes of co-word networks.	1
But this process was opaque, as it is not clear who was consulted.	0
This ordering is evident across a wide variety of bibliometric and other indices, from the prominence of graphs in scholarly work (Smith et al., 2000), to the level of consensus in peer evaluations of research and the ratio of theories to laws (Simonton, 2004, 2015), to a diverse collection of bibliometric indices (Fanelli & Gl?nzel, 2013).	0
The second question or challenge posed above corresponds to maximizing a structural flavor of IR recall:	0
The colour and size of the nodes and the grey shading of the links can be chosen as options within Pajek.	0
The study has the potential to benchmark the organic farming research in India to play a significant catalytic role for further research in the field of organic farming.	1
This novel study couples databases and in silico-based predictions to prioritize chemicals in the environment with potential neurological impacts for future study.	1
The difficulty which impedes the involvement of researchers in transfer operations is related partly to the current context of project-based research funding, even though these projects are constructed and put forward by researchers themselves.	1
ALGORITHM 2 shows the whole procedure of matching segments with the keyword distribution.	0
?These four journals are Mer-Marine Engineers Review, Man in India, Nursing History Review, and Russian Politics and Law.	0
7 to provide a new visual interpretation of collaboration, by paper not by number of researchers, and reveals clusters of countries with strong and persistent partnerships.	1
The scientific contribution of this paper thus stems mainly from the fact that to date (and to the best of our knowledge) nobody has analyzed the impact of the Bologna reform as directly as we have in this paper.	1
Finally, we conclude by summarising the findings and noting the limitations and directions for future research.	0
This paper introduces a data-driven methodology to study the historical evolution of mathematical thinking and its spatial spreading.	1
*Hongshen Pang and Jos Winnink contributions are equal to the contribution of the first author	0
The proposed framework provides a data-driven and systematic way of managing scientific journals, allowing journal management to make informed decisions that contribute to the growth of knowledge; this framework, only if practical and feasible, can be suggested to journals' managements.	0
Conflict of interest MGS serves on the Board of Directors for Pharos Global Health Advisors.	0
Therefore, as far as we can see, we are among the first studies depicting the public-granted innovation scheme with the full government-subsidized patent dataset.	1
The approach allows for the detection of topical overlap between patent and scientific publications, highlighting topical areas shared by research and application.	1
This result on the one hand questions the use of Twitter counts for research evaluation purposes and on the other hand indicates potential use of Mendeley reader counts.	1
The model endogenizes the decision to strategically delay the time of publication and thus the disclosure of data under the First Paper Policy.	1
Full details of each node are accessible in Annex IV of the supplementary material 1.	0
The SERP-based approach allowed AssignmentWatch to effectively detect content, agnostic of any specific website, while also aiding in discriminating between true and false positives.	1
In this paper it uses metrics are used in institutional repository to measure the visibility and impact of a type of grey literature that is very difficult to track because it is unpublished.	1
This is the first study to report the distribution and scholarly output of individual anaesthesia research grants, particularly from a collaborative body such as the NIAA, and can be used as a benchmark to further develop academic anaesthesia in the UK and beyond.	1
In other societies, journal subscription is not tied to membership and members have the option to subscribe or not.	0
The total number of publications of country i is denoted as	0
Further, this case enhances our understanding of how project funding may be used to promote ends that are normally associated with institutional funding.	1
Therefore, it is necessary to introducing prior information to Newman's model, which is exactly the motivation and contribution of our study.	1
Authors are deeply indebted to Giorgia Barbetta for her invaluable support in data processing.	0
Importantly, as far as we are aware, our study is amongst the first to investigate the role of scientific merit in peer review based selection process specifically for agricultural research projects.	1
Although the validity of these regression equations could still be investigated in additional cross-validation studies, an alternative approach to predicting future h indices is outlined and illustrated in this paper.	1
Gray, Microsoft Corporation, San Francisco, CA, November 2, 2004 (received for review July 7, 2004)	0
More importantly, our causal inference results revealed that OA had a significant and positive effect on the policy impact of research.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.	0
This observation is evident in the multiple JCR subject categories that currently include “Information Science and Library Science” journals.2?	0
Our study improves upon previous work conducted within other medical specialties because we utilized a multiple regression model that included all three independent variables—gender, degrees, and academic rank.	1
Levels of interreferee agreement (intraclass correlations) on various criteria applied to the evaluation	0
In this way, this study poses an interesting research hypothesis that has not been rigorously tested by the existing empirical literature shedding light on the time horizon from the discovery of the research to the Nobel prize recognition.	1
The pseudo code of the software that performs this operation is shown below.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s00784-016-1990-1) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
36 universities were able to enter the top 30 list by one of the four counting methods.	0
Instead, our focus was on the role of scientists as funding applicants that also contribute to constructing such momentum.	1
This is the first meta-analysis investigating the patterns of retractions by analyzing the team sizes and the retracted citations in the retracted publications.	1
In this paper, a novel framework for qualitatively analyzing the societal impact of university research will be suggested with empirical illustration coming from three different research areas.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
However, the characteristics and mechanisms of scientists behind initiating collaboration on a new topic have not been studied.	1
Therefore, the self-citation rate should be reduced to improve JKAN's journal influence and eigenfactor score.	1
The present paper is the first study to explore the characteristics of HCAs in the field of EdTech research.	1
The authors would like to thank several colleagues and referees for commenting of the first draft of this paper.	0
The text in parentheses at the end of each factor indicates the abbreviated code of the corresponding factor being used throughout this study.	0
The selection of the reference publication years is analogous to SNCS1.	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Using a very small sample of 8 data sets it was recently shown by De Visscher (2011) that the g-index is very close to the square root of the total number of citations.	1
Before we proceed to the results, we want to point out one methodological finding.	0
Ranking clinical journals based on the frequency of their publication of articles of adequate research quality and high clinical relevance reveals important differences in journal performance.	1
Second, our attempt is the first to demonstrate the order of the reward triangle.	1
An F1 score of 1 represents the perfect model, whereas a score of zero represents the opposite.	0
The top 50 results as quantified by total number of citations from 2016 to 2019 were further considered.	0
One contribution of the study is to identify the particular factors researchers view as integral to the research collaborations they perceive as especially good or especially bad ones.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 11 times since 2017*	0
5 The projection of world cumulative publication counts (from starting year of interest to year that sees slowdown of production)	0
While scientific nationalism would assume that the current political rhetoric and protectionist policies would lead to a decrease in international collaboration, our findings showed the reverse.	1
First, to our knowledge, no study has identified and examined the factors which determine the allocated funding to the researchers at the individual level.	1
These research questions are important for at least two reasons.	1
Keywords: PubMed, NLP, MeSH, bibliometrics, time series, machine learning, bibliometrics, citation analysis	0
Finally, we are the first to evaluate the effects of multidisciplinarity on the prevalence and interdisciplinarity of collaborations in academic institutions.	1
We established a PCA model to study the indicators that contribute to disciplinary competitiveness in stomatology.	1
Despite of the priority of the problem, there is an evident gap in the related literature.	1
The analytical results are new and useful in following ways:	1
To demonstrate this finding we conducted a complementary study using a different data source (Journal Citation Reports), metric (aggregate cited half-life), time spam (2003-2013), and set of categories (53 Social Science subject categories and 167 Science subject categories).	1
An important contribution of this paper was the manner in which institutional contributions were measured.	1
Only one publication by Gul, et al., (2010), reports on a survey of University of Kashmir faculty examined Indian authors' attitudes and perceptions of OA publishing.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In “Results” section we present our results, and "Conclusions and evaluation" section concludes.	0
These findings support previous analyses suggesting that academic mobility is critical to enhance academics’ scientific productivity (e.g., Barjak and Robinson 2007) but extends the literature by disclosing that after an intra-mobility threshold the beneficial impacts for academic research productivity (and for the universities that hire the academics) start to stagnate and potentially decline.	1
Note: Bars in each cell indicate the share of articles collaborated by CERN and the corresponding country (column) in the corresponding year (row).	0
Our study provides evidence, albeit limited to the case of a single journal, that the peer review process may constitute a form of knowledge production and is not the simple correction of errors contained in submitted papers.	1
Second, we extend the JD-R model by examining various job resources that can contribute to objective performance, while most prior research has focused on burnout and work engagement as outcome variables (e.g.	1
The research questions are mainly descriptive, with the first two assessing changes in the two main measurable dimensions of research output: quantity and average impact.	0
In this paper, we introduce our BalancerGNN framework to tackle with imbalanced datasets and show its effectiveness on fraud detection.	1
This quote from Seglen (1992: 636) is a telling example when compared to the Weinstock quote above:	0
These findings, which have important implications when using bibliometric indicators to assess the performance of a given journal or researcher related to the contact lens field, also describe contact lenses as a rich, rewarding, and attractive area of research for both novice and expert investigators.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
While the problem of breakthrough identification has been approached from many angles, in this study we focus on an unexplored one: the structural properties of citing patterns.	1
Table 4 Average relative presence of the USA, England, Germany, Canada and France in the references of US publications (2010–2015)	0
In order to take the journals' quality into consideration, a new index of Journal Rating Adjusted Publications (JRAP) is proposed based on the journal rating of the ABS Journal Guide (Wu et al., 2015).	1
The present study provides benchmarks that can apply to evaluation of academic librarians who are assessed for their publication productivity.	1
Substitute the term “deceptive research practice” for “QRPs.”	1
Downloaded by University of Sussex Library At 22:23 20 June 2016 (PT)	0
The contribution of our current project is to reveal to what extent SS&H authors have really used citations as needed in a strict sense and to what extent they did endorse the cited sources as assumed in citation analyses.	1
Note: All R, values are statistically significant at beyond the .005 level.	0
The academic field has intensely researched various features and themes of IoT from diverse perspectives.	0
Department of Psychology, Emory University and School of Psychological Sciences, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia	0
In this paper we address issues associated with spam emails, and our conservative estimate of the external costs of spam from publishers and journals amounts to US$ 1.1 billion per year.	1
Springer Nature or its licensor holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the author(s) or other rightsholder(s); author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law.	0
However, there are currently no studies comparing the associations between traditional bibliometrics (citation count and journal impact factor) with Altmetric scores across the Implantology literature.	1
Furthermore, water consumption on board is much larger than that on the ground.	0
Elgendi specializes in bridging the areas of engineering, computer science, psychology, and medicine for knowledge translation.	0
This is another feature that distinguishes RISC from the Web of Science and Scopus, where such publications of an author can be found only by a special option of reference search as secondary documents.	1
In this example, cognitive processing highlights the concept of “long” as being more important than “detailed,” not because it appears more frequently, but because it is associated with other words that are more prominent.	0
In the remaining Discussion section, we consider the results from the analysis in the context of existing literature on the driver of publication behavior.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2010 2275	0
Originality/value – This study extends prior work on academic research performance by identifying resources that can help faculty publish given different levels of teaching demands.	1
Figure 1: Growth in the total number of documents published and the total number of citable documents published on medical research in South Africa during 1996–2010.	0
This research is the most recent to investigate the trends in the IS field through conference proceedings using a descriptive approach.	1
We performed a thorough battery of robustness tests to validate the reliability and accuracy of the findings.	0
According to Avramescu, each curve has different meaning as depicted in Figure 1, where (1) refers to initially much praised articles, (2) basic recognized work, (3) scarcely reflected work, (4) well-received but later erroneous qualified work, and (5) genius work.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE—April 1, 1998 377	0
We present what we propose as an improved way to explain plagiarism, and put forward a generalizable approach to detect and assess plagiarism in higher education.	1
Maximilian Fochler is an associate professor and deputy head of the Department of Science and Technology Studies at the University of Vienna.	0
For this reason, papers not matching our criteria have been not taken into account.	0
This study aims to augment the theory of zero circulation from the theoretical level and, for the first time, seeks to define the phenomenon of collection awakening.	1
Our data thus show that number of citations generally increases with peer rating, whether or not self-citations are included (p < 0.001).	0
Based on this set of criteria, this study will attempt to create a simple algorithm that plastic surgeons can use to quickly evaluate the predatory nature of any journal.	1
We introduce a new visual analytic method for analyzing, comparing, and contrasting characteristics of publication portfolios.	1
The mean ratings for the two reviews were 4.8 and 5.0.	0
The study found that 97.6% of all articles and reviews in the sample were successfully found in Google Scholar.	0
Received September 15, 2011; revised December 8, 2011; accepted December 9, 2011	0
The main data refer to Portugal over the period 1970–2010 and the paper explores primary source data focused on flows of doctorates in and out of the country.	1
Data Analysis of Global Research Cooperation Patterns in the Secondary Battery Industry.	0
Second, the paper offers novel insights by using the network perspective to explain the effects of collaborations on innovation and respective gender-related differences.	1
4 See the short description of Koshland's Cha-Cha-Cha theory in footnote 6 on p 4.	0
Table 1 Net export of ideas by co-author adjusted fractionation measure	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study evaluates the academic productivity measures on individual level in academic psychiatry.	1
Our methodology employs a multivariate generalization of Moosa's (2016) univariate buckets and uses interrater comparison statistics to establish the consistency of the ABDC grades with the bibliometric ranking alternative.	1
The author wishes to thank all the participants in this research and the anonymous reviewers for their insightful and constructive comments on previous versions of this paper.	0
This study lifted out some of the many cultural, social, as well as political layers carried by databases for research output.	1
OA type patterns in the Indian research publications across the six broad research areas.	0
Overall, the results help to uncover the underlying structure of the scholarly network behind ISPIM, which helps to better understand the key contributors and their networks, and also the development points and promising research collaboration opportunities.	1
Using metadata continually collected about the full corpus of bioRxiv preprints, we built Rxivist.org (pronounced “Archivist”), a website enabling users to search, filter, and sort preprints based on download metrics and the number of Twitter messages linking to it.	1
The contribution of the methodology Methodi Ordinatio, beyond what other methodologies have done, is the index InOrdinatio that ranks the articles according to its scientific relevance.	1
is completely correct—no scientometric network has been used to try to determine which of the works of the individual Laureates that is most important with respect to being awarded the Nobel Prize.	0
In this paper we present a different approach, and one which can be easily adapted to a wide array of substantive topics.	1
This study was undertaken with the financial assistance of the Alcohol Advisory Council of New Zealand (ALAC).	0
We report the results of this investigation and compare the bundled subscription prices charged by for-profit and nonprofit publishers.	1
That is, journals may alter their characteristics in appropriate directions as it becomes evident that they are maturing and gaining in status.	0
Table 2 shows formula and value range of each measure criterion.	0
The main result of our study is that the percentile citation-based method reduces this year of publication?epresentativeness bias.	1
The major differences of the current paper from Chakraborty et al. (2013) are as follows: (1) a new bibliographic dataset is introduced; (2) two new metrics measuring interdisciplinarity of a research field are proposed; (3) we show that a coherent analysis of both the citations and references of a field can unveil the temporal evolution and the life cycle of a field.	1
Acknowledgements This research was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
Given the significance of this issue concerning the English names of universities in non-English-speaking countries, the identified causes of the problem and proposed solutions can offer valuable insights for improving the retrieval of retraction records for non-Chinese universities in the RWDB.	1
FIG 2—Directors' assessment of organisational culture (according to Handy's model) of their own unit and of MRC head office	0
The Digital Humanities perspective allows us to support propositions about the practical inversion of the role of digital technologies: from allies of collective disinformation and scientific illiteracy to allies of the popularization of scientific knowledge and promotion of national social development.	1
In both figures, the x-axis denotes the number of months before and after pagination month while the y-axis denotes the number of downloads.	0
First, the results of such analyses can be used to develop a working model of the peer review process with which to validate evaluation procedures.	1
To complete the definition, a value for c?	1
Starting with a set of 12 indicators that may be assumed to describe major aspects of the scientific performance of a researcher, we built three models that would, we hoped, have some power to predict peer decisions.	1
Acknowledgments The paper was supported by National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
But what of the late bloomers that do not enjoy this – occasionally startling – success?	0
Further, with the important caveat that we cannot attribute causality, we found that there were strong associations between what the subpanel perceived to be excellent research and the adoption of particular methods or approaches.	1
This type of approach has not, to the best of the author's knowledge, been proposed before.	1
Table 1 Concentration rate of the first 4 publishers considering CR4 (%)	0
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 2019.	0
Hence, we are able to identify those top economists which represent identified archetypoids perfectly.	1
The following chart shows how this information seeking takes place in WNO.	0
4 I compute the scores using textatistic 0.0.1 for python (See https://pypi.org/project/textatistic/).	0
From the Amsterdam University Medical Center, Department of Experimental Cardiology, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	0
Nobel laureates, who have the highest possible status in academia, are role models for other professors, and so how those laureates practice text borrowing can also serve as important indicator for what practices academics in general should follow.	1
71303178), and Kent State University 2014 Postdoctoral Program for the Smart Big Data project.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 375684 []	0
Received: 3 April 2021 / Accepted: 15 October 2021 / Published online: 1 December 2021	0
My interpretation suggests that nonpartial lotteries should be practiced in distinct epistemic contexts.	1
This project was performed entirely in the open, via the GitHub repository greenelab/scihub.	0
This is the only study of the performance of academic EM journals in comparison with other medical specialties over two decades.	1
The dependent variable in each model is the number of authors.	0
Fourth, a key contribution of our study is that it sheds light on a relatively unexplored unethical phenomenon in academic co-authorship—free-riding.	1
We also demonstrated, for the first time, that a journal's accessibility (OA policy) generally increases probability of referencing on Wikipedia as well, albeit less consistently than its impact factor.	1
We conclude that the 'selectivity of journals in their choice of papers for publication', and the ‘journal diffusion are sensitive and useful indicators, which can be used in conjunction with the classical impact indicators already available in order to evaluate the role of the journals.	1
Our main conclusion in this study is that it is possible to design simple Composite Indices that can be used to rank institutions on a national, regional or local basis (say state level), when institutions need to be ranked for purposes where only a local relative position is required, and such a scheme is useful, e.g., when these institutions are not covered by global rankings.	1
In the remainder of Section 1, we elaborate on the four claims just sketched.	0
AUTHORS’ NOTE: This article was presented at the 1997 annual meeting of the Society for Social Studies of Science in Tucson, Arizona.	0
1 Comparison of countries total citations ranking including and excluding self-citations 1996–2015	0
This work was supported in part by the National Education Science Foundation of China under Grant DIA180383, and in part by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 61773020.	0
The user group was unresponsive to both telephone and e-mail requests for use data, and the authors did not have access to the interlibrary loan statistics.	0
As there is no any well-developed HRS based model for health knowledge promotion, strengthening and developing a national situational based model is essential for health improvement in developing countries (21-24).	1
The present study offers valuable insights into the domain of gender studies within the social sciences, foregrounding the pivotal roles played by female scholars and identifying the nuanced challenges they face in the academic landscape.	1
We point out that the twenty-first century starts on January 1, 2001.	0
To cite this article: Bj??rn Ortelbach, Sebastian Schulz & Svenja Hagenhoff (2008) Journal Prices Revisited: A Regression Analysis of Prices in the Scholarly Journal Market, Serials Review, 34:3, 190-198	0
Open Access repositories can obtain information on the use (visibility), and on the citation (impact) of doctoral theses, this information cannot be obtained in the case of theses that are not on open access.	1
This is one reason that humanist literature is so difficult to predict.	0
In this study, we introduced the “collaboration score" concept based on the number of people involved in collaboration.	1
This paper aims to deliver another of the rare contributions to the analysis of economic sciences.	1
The chronological evolution in the frequencies, in both absolute and relative terms, is shown in Figures 12 and 13.	0
Although many funding organizations have mandated OA in some form, we are not aware of any that have published results from internal analyses on the effects of such mandates.	1
In “Results" section, all results will be presented, which are then discussed and summarised in “Discussion and conclusion” section.	0
Downloaded from sth.sagepub.com at MOUNT ALLISON UNIV on June 9, 2015	0
This article is based on Güleda Do?an’s (2017) PhD dissertation and was supported in part by a research grant from the Hacettepe University Scientific Research Projects Coordination Unit (SBB-2016-11378).	0
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
This paper provides a methodology to study the characteristics of the research output from a university department.	1
Here, we establish a Chinese green patent citation network and employ diverse citation-based ranking algorithms to evaluate the significance and impact of patents.	1
These have their own data bases, usually based on subscription, i.e.	0
For example, impact factors, h-indices, granting outcomes, and reference letters are repeatedly shown to present biases against women (see our review in Table 1).	0
In summary, current studies devoted to understanding doctoral students' academic network fail to build up complete networks.	1
Of course, some papers could belong to several types, fields or approaches, so we allowed repeat categories (see Results).	0
Scientific trends in which the share of Russian WoS CC publications for 2010–2017 grew compared to 1993–2000	0
Using Llama 2 for sentiment analysis provides a nuanced understanding of sentiments expressed in tweets, leveraging the model's robust language comprehension capabilities.	1
Moreover, it would efficiently detect instances of plagiarism of unpublished material, such as those resulting from a breach of reviewer confidentiality, which otherwise would not be possible.	1
In order to address the issue in further details, particular attention was devoted to the surnames of the persons.	0
As indicated, numerous metrics have been proposed for measuring interdisciplinarity, but only a few of them have used the network of citations, and none have used the co-citation network.	1
If an article has an extraordinarily large number of citations, it was authored by a practitioner.	1
The UK's real-world international collaboration network was constructed and analysed making this study of practical value to the UK government, its negotiators and policy-makers when it comes to setting priorities, making decisions and devising international strategies following Brexit.	1
However, to our knowledge, this is the first study that shows the distribution of references along the entire text, thus taking account of the internal structure of sections.	1
Thus, the present study provides a next step in this agenda.	1
To sum up, the existing research has made some progress, but a few studies focus on the evaluation of discourse power for academic journals.	1
Guerrero-Bote, Moed, & De-Moya-Anegón (2021) developed a methodological approach to handling such differences in references among patent applications from the same family.	1
The findingsreveal that high-quality publications usually appear irregular citation curves (wave-type and sleeping-beauty) and high-impact publications tend to show regular ones (lognormal-type, exponential-type, polynomial-type).	1
First, by integrating the social network theory and social identity theory, we propose academic participation, international reputation and international academic recognition to analyze whether and how S&T personnel in China can gain the international academic recognition and realize the demographic dividend of S&T in China (Bloom et al., 2003).	1
To the best of our knowledge, no previous study has compared the performance of DC, BC and CC for seed-based information retrieval.	1
A weak but still significant correlation was found between the number of commentaries by the EiC and the Ef of their journal (r=0.431, p=0.020).	1
Their solution was, instead, to just describe the contribution of each collaborator involved in the paper.	1
604 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-May 2003	0
Therefore, our study mainly draws on the integration score rather than on individual dimensions of diversity.	0
Bornmann, Stefaner, de Moya Anegón, and Mutz (2014a) have introduced a web application (www.excellencemapping.net) which is linked to both academic ranking lists published hitherto (e.g.	1
In this contribution we use a new, informetric-based approach to study the development of molecular research and its change over different periods.	1
In what follows we highlight some important findings of the results shown in Table 2 and regarding to the analysis of highly cited papers presented in Ho (2014).	0
The findings of this study show that Nobel laureates, generally speaking, observe more rigid or higher standards when it comes to text borrowing than do other scholars in general.	1
In this article we discuss three sleeping beauties in psychology—an area of study which, despite the brief paper by Lange (2005), has not been investigated in detail before.	1
Table 2 Key results overlap analysis of top 100 lists in all five ranking systems	0
A detailed description of this subject and how our dependent variable was defined is given in Results and Discussion.	0
The present paper attempts to test this hypothesis by providing a topicality and research impact analysis of conference-based, monographic, and regular issues published between 2010 and 2015 inclusive and indexed in Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science.	1
I thank Carolina Gomes Freitas (Universidade Federal de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo-SP, Brazil) and Francisco Silva Neto (Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo-SP, Brazil) for their comments and suggestions.	0
Above is a general comparison of the research performance of the GCC countries vs.	0
Revised Field of Science and Technology (FOS) Classification in the Frascati Manual www.oecd.org/sti/ inno/38235147.pdf.	0
In this paper we explore the transfer of non-codified knowledge through role model learning (Bandura 1986; Witt 1987, 1998, 2000) in public research, emphasizing knowledge flows from more senior to more junior researchers.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.	0
To the best of our knowledge, the impact of such excellence programs has never been identified in a dedicated empirical study.	1
4 Structure of the scientific community of the strategic management discipline (Stage II)	0
Largely based on the Leiden manifesto proposed by Hicks et al.	1
In doing so, this study will contribute to evidence-informed agenda-setting for research priorities in Indian health research.	1
We develop a general framework that compares the drivers of success in the ex-ante grant decision process to the drivers of success in ex-post performance.	1
Azoulay, Graff Zivin and Wang (2010) and Waldinger (2010) examine peer effects in science using the unanticipated removal of individuals as a natural experiment.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 52(4):297–308, 2001	0
Each curve starts on the horizontal axis at the non-published proportion of the rank category and then rises by AS and by cumulative proportion, with each individual score adding a marker to the curve	0
The gap between social science and AI research means that researchers and policymakers may be ignorant of the social, ethical and societal implications of new AI systems.	1
We show that where certain pre-conditions for "double dipping” are met (i.e.	1
The current paper is one of the first to combine data from the author contributions statement and the acknowledgement section of research articles (the only other study is Yank and Rennie (1999)), to explore the research contributions of authors and subauthors.	1
The author is grateful to Karin Jonasson for her assistance in collecting and analyzing the data reported in this paper, and to Floyd Bolitho for undertaking the multiple regression analysis.	0
This study proposes a framework for identifying emerging topics based on a dynamic co-word network analysis, which integrates a link prediction model with machine learning techniques.	1
Valéria Cristina Trindade FERRAZ1, José Roberto Plácido AMADEI2, Carlos Ferreira SANTOS3	0
Our study suggests that the CTSA program is highly effective in training junior child health investigators and preparing them for successful careers in clinical and translational research.	1
Received: 8 August 2022 Revised: 31 August 2023 Accepted: 25 November 2023	0
Only those graduates listed in American Men of Science (1944) were included.	0
The review analysis also showed a significant lack of contributions in this regard, which in fact reveals an interesting starting point for future research work (6).	1
Additionally, only a few studies have been conducted to compare research productivity in Arab countries, including Lebanon (Abouchedid & Abdelnour, 2015; El Rassi et al., 2018; Gul et al., 2015), or to assess factors influencing research productivity in specific Arab academic institutions and schools (Dakik et al., 2006; Jameel & Ahmad, 2020a; Khalil & Khalil, 2019; Rachid et al., 2021).	1
In this section, we discuss the results obtained by our various analysis techniques, along with their significance to the different domains.	0
student in the Department of Biology at University of Washington; e-mail: jevinw@u.washington.edu.	0
The purpose of this study is to empirically investigate the presence of order-effect bias in journal ranking surveys.	1
We have demonstrated in this paper that the stochastic comparison between percentiles of different databases is able to predict the percentile of an article on a database to which it does not belong.	1
Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, School of Public Health; and Anhui Provincial Laboratory of Population Health & Major Disease Screening and Diagnosis, Anhui Medical University, PR China	0
The first factor is, “By what means should interdisciplinarity be measured?”.	0
However, no science mapping analysis has been conducted in the social work field to complete those previous bibliometric studies.	1
A combination of both metrics is also proposed, which nests each as a special case.	1
This article is the first to employ bibliometric methods to investigate the implementation of Total Quality Management (TQM) in healthcare in such an elaborate manner, in such a timeframe, and to such an extent.	1
First, most studies with a bibliometric approach rely upon data from the Web of Science or Scopus.	1
This study provides insights into the effect of collaborations between countries on oral implantology publications and the influence of countries' income, maps collaboration between countries, and provides information about the most productive and most prevalent countries that establish international connections.	1
Yunier Sarmiento-Ramírez, Elkin Argiro Mu?oz-Arroyave, José Ramón Hechavaría-Pérez, Alexandra López-Martínez, Yadira Pérez-Cuti?o	0
As an anonymous reviewer insightfully opined, “the antecedents of the choice of women or men as editors are even more [interesting].”	0
b Department of Finance, Accounting, and Real Estate, Cornell University, School of Hotel Administration, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA	0
First, by identifying the factors that influence the research productivity of university research teams in an environment that facilitates interdisciplinary cooperation, we contribute to resource-based theory and social cognitive theory through resolving some arguments about whether facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation is beneficial to research productivity.	1
However, to our knowledge, our study is the first randomized controlled trial to analyze whether reviewers exhibit anchoring behaviors in peer review.	1
The authors thank Jeanine Williamson for her valuable insights, suggestions, and support.	0
The work proposes a novel idea for measuring author interdisciplinarity, which can promote the study of interdisicplinarity measuring in RID.	1
Third, this study has made unique and new contributions to enhance our understanding of the international collaboration phenomenon in DH research by identifying the topics and themes of DH research as the result of international collaborations.	1
An alternative procedure for the measuring of the mathematical production would be given by the replacement of the rank-normalized impact factor by an index—which we call mean cumulative impact factor— which takes into account the values of the rank-normalized impact factor in the previous years.	1
4 Top productive journals about water resource management and its IF	0
To fill these gaps, we study the quality of citation relationships provided by five freely available data sources based on the 2020 version of PubMed Baseline, which contains over 30 million publications but most of the citations are not given.	1
“We are thinking about how we conduct our work in a data-driven manner instead of having arguments about opinions and our own personal prejudices.”	0
In this study, we proposed a procedure to identify the rediscovering paper merely from the citation network of a sleeping paper.	1
It is shown for the first time that roughly 22% of the Cuban yearly scientific output is published in foreign journals, whilst the highest quality and most visible part of it by indexing.	1
The results suggest that the MNLCS (Mean Normalised Log-transformed Citation Score) confidence interval formula is conservative for large groups but almost always safe, whereas bootstrap MNLCS confidence intervals tend to be accurate but can be unsafe for smaller world or group sample sizes.	1
Shashok for improving the use of English in the manuscript and for her suggestions.	0
All authors designed the research and participated in the writing of the manuscript.	0
Moreover, we proved the double inequality h(Y-D) ≤ h(X) ≤ h(Y+ D), where D is a constant vector and X and Y are decreasing vectors in (R+)∞.	1
Let us explore the similarities and differences between the clusters of cities.	0
Yet almost no research has been done on the actual working collaborations of US and Russian scientists.	1
First, as a complement to review of Ying and Xiao (2012), this current study is the first comprehensive review on lodging-context research to map the progress and evolution of the field.	1
There is currently a paucity of literature investigating trends relating to the IF of radiological journals.	1
Received: 28.03.2010 / Revised: 23.09.2010 / Accepted: 21.12.2010 / Published online: 12.01.2012	0
It may be noted that the au- thors were not able to identify related studies that have been conducted using title words and author-supplied keywords to understand Indian LIS research.	1
In this article we put forward the reasons of different WoS h-indices from two perspectives, which are often neglected by bibliometric studies.	1
However, further investigations involving more variety of sites are needed before a firm conclusion can be reached.	0
View the table of contents for this issue, or go to the journal homepage for more	0
Herein the theoretical model for the negotiation of authorship developed through the analysis of these interviews is reported.	1
The precise boundaries and scope of a field are usually ill-defined—any given researcher at any time may read across fields, or publish in journals read by other fields.	0
This leaves citational lensing as a useful metric in tracking the effectiveness of national science policies, as well as evaluating the relative importance of various national factors in nurturing a highly cited scientific community.	1
We further investigated the impact of funding and collaboration (Causality in the model could be questioned since we assume that fragmentation affects scientific performance.	1
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MICHIGAN on April 18, 2015	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 174 times since 2014*	0
Given the limited number of designated trauma centers, transport times can be prolonged, with patient care managed by paramedics for the duration of their transfer.	0
Our study is the first to focus on otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery, and its all branches and specific branches.	1
5 We thank one of the anonymous reviewers for pointing this out.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Second, this study introduces a fresh perspective by exploring the potential role of wider contextual factors in the research and innovation productivity of South Asian universities.	1
this study contributes some vital aspects to a better understanding of the development of cooperative processes and products among scientific teams in a physical-activity-promotion research consortium.	1
(1986): Mapping the Dynamics of Science and Technology, Mac Millan, London, 242 p.	0
The framework introduced below contributes conceptually to the so far fairly little researched empirical issue of how trust may be afforded to researchers based on their presentation on academic web profiles.	1
In doing so, this study contributes to the broader discussion of “how we might define, generate, make sense of, measure, reward, and shape" (Haley et al., 2022, p.	1
As a novelty, it is worth highlighting that we work with the exact scores and positions for each University, field and subject (not by intervals as appears in the information on the website).	1
3) in ophthalmology in Australia and worldwide from 1980 to 2000.	0
Hence, there was a major gap in the literature that needs to be filled.	1
Our dataset has two main advantages: it is exhaustive and it includes both publishing and non- publishing academics.	1
Conflicts of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non- financial interests to disclose.	0
In particular, this work sheds light on the social sciences, a less researched area in the domain of scholarly aging studies.	1
A represents the set of top scientists in period A (2001–2004); B those in 2005–2008; C those in 2009–2012	0
Received 31 Aug 2016 | Accepted 3 Jul 2017 | Published 15 Aug 2017	0
In principle, data on the individual research project would improve the match, but these data are not available.	0
As a result, after having collated a large number of records from the three databases, much time was spent on manually checking and cross-checking all records.	0
This analysis complements and expands the perspective of previous studies that analyzed highly cited articles in the area of reproductive medicine (4-7), the geographical distribution of articles (8, 9), and the collaboration patterns (10).	1
Section 4 discusses the research results, whereas the last section deals with research limitations and explores potential avenues for future research.	0
This pre-print is made available with the understanding that it will not be reproduced or stored in a retrieval system without the permission of Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	0
The small but focused snapshot of research afforded by the Nature Index helps fine-tune analysis of global scientific collaboration, say Jonathan Adams and Tamar Loach.	1
Received 20 March 2023; Received in revised form 1 February 2024; Accepted 14 February 2024	0
We nevertheless claim that the study can be useful for analysing developments in other countries, and our proposed theoretical framework opens up also for understanding differences and heterogeneity.	1
The statistical software package Stata 15.1 (http://www.stata.com/) was used for this study (StataCorp.	0
Institute of Science, Technology and Society, Henan Normal University, 453002 Xinxiang, People's Republic of China	0
Second, a comparative study based on Scopus can be done in the future.	0
Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research ISI, Competence Center Policy and Regions, Karlsruhe, Germany	0
Thus, investigating the disciplinary characteristics of LIS using faculty hiring data sheds light on the understanding of this discipline.	1
In addition, we are grateful to two anonymous reviewers for their thoughtful comments and suggestions.	0
We therefore propose a new indicator that values citations by the impact of the citing publications, subject to the convention that two citing publications (even if uncited) can never count less than one (even if highly cited).	1
In 2013 it will break through the 2.0 barrier for the first time.	1
Being a novel effort this research highlights the prominent features of the African scientific system viewed through the lens of the science of one of the prominent players—South Africa—in Africa.	1
Daniela Perrotta, National Council of Scientific and Technological Research, University of Buenos Aires,	0
We argue that academics' engagement with open access and scholarly communication debates is in their interests as global networked researchers whose virtual identities and online scholarship are now a critical aspect of their professional engagement.	1
Therefore, this study aims to fill this gap.	1
Of course, China's population is much larger, around 1.3 billion, than that of the United States, which is around 300 million.	0
We provide recommendations to promote a more cohesive research community to better navigate in a borderless digital world where learning occurs formally and informally.	1
P. Mukherjee, William Divale, Sharron Griffin, Susan Boyd, Michael Beckes and James Keyser.	0
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
By examining usage data, purpose and outcome of reading, and open-ended comments, the library and other stakeholders can have a more well-rounded view of the value of scholarly reading and library resources, and open-ended comments are useful when presenting the value of the library to funders and various stakeholders.	1
The conclusion and future research directions are given in the last section.	0
This paper was presented at the COLLNET Extra Session on 28 July 2005, in Stockholm, Sweden.	0
In this work, carried out over a period of 3 years, we find that the diffusion of knowledge produced by French dental master theses is very low (0.6%).	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2398-6247.htm	0
It is clear that the relation ZIF defined by (1) is a weak order.	0
This research was funded by Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information.	0
The value of N is not fixed, being flexibly determined by the annotator when reading the cited sentences.	0
(Received 15 October 2021; revised 08 January 2022; accepted 21 April 2022; first published online 30 May 2022)	0
This will, of course, also somewhat reduce the averages for their cohorts and subdisciplines.	0
The current study shows that research on alcohol (alcohol-drinking and alcohol-related problems) is a consolidated field, with about 4,820 documents published each year on average between 2005 and 2009 in MEDLINE.	1
The article contributes to the literature on positionality-based inequalities in knowledge production and a periphery standpoint in the discourse on academic publishing inequality.	1
In the face of revising editorial policy of scientific journals, and in designing evaluation criteria for research, this paper underlines the need to reflect upon the value of bibliometric indicators to provide empirical evidence of the effects of sound communication practices, and that a shift in editorial habits would help scientific output attain more reasonable levels of visibility.	1
AC = average citations per year; PY = publication year, TC = total citations.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(12):2433-2450, 2012	0
Our models demonstrate that several mechanisms can ensure honest journal submission, including differential benefits, differential costs, and costs to resubmitting rejected papers.	1
The approach suggested in this study is feasible and allows easy detection of corresponding books via its book reviews, which is particularly true for research areas where books play a more important role such as the social sciences, the arts and humanities.	1
Total number of R&D research projects broken down by gender and university in Spain for the period 2007-2013.	0
There are also practical considerations, such as the amount of space available vis-à-vis the number of manuscripts submitted.	0
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, 1992: Report of the Task Force on the Health of Research.	0
Methods are presented for extracting, measuring, analysing and representing the citation impact of collaborative research.	1
The findings of the current study reveal that the investigated Nobel laureates' journal publications outperformed those of their counterparts in terms of text borrowing, even though there were still some incidences of extensive text borrowing and a lack of appropriate citations.	1
We especially comment on a novel approach, the citing side normalization, complementing the traditional ex post normalization and iterative influence measures, which may also carry a citing side process.	1
Connecting theory to informing a framework for data organisation, the Habermasian framework became a valuable analytical tool not used elsewhere in the literature on barriers and enablers to interdisciplinary research or applied studies of research collaborations.	1
Whether any instance of text recycling is deemed appropriate or inappropriate, preferable or undesirable depends on a number of interrelated factors including the genre, context, and authorship of the source and the new document; the amount and nature of the reused material; and whether the new document cites the source or explicitly identifies the recycled material—all of which are judged according to the conventions of the discourse community for which the document is produced.	1
The paper is divided as follows: section §2 briefly comments on the methodological perspective taken for undertaking the research process.	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Grazyna Bukowska on 25 October 2016.	0
This paper presents the first attempt to conduct a bibliometric study in the field of PA and aging research.	1
However, few studies have explored only the universities of the smaller countries and the actual patterns of collaboration.	1
Then, we design an innovative and widely applicable method, named the citation induced scientific capability identification (CISCI) method, to identify different scientific roles that each country plays and measure scientific capability according to the two roles played in scientific research.	1
To the best of our knowledge this is the first application of SIMCA to the fields of bibliometrics and research evaluation.	1
This paper analyses the origin of the National System of Researchers (SNI) and its role in the development of the research assessment system at the individual level in Mexico.	1
This study is the first one conducted on this area in Pakistan.	1
The proposed methodology for identifying the scientific strengths and weaknesses of a country avoids distortions related to the size dependency of traditional methodologies, i.e.	1
First, this paper reveals that the usefulness of altmetrics in the estimation of the (future) impact of an article depends on the discipline.	1
Another unique feature of RISC is its system of organization profiles.	1
We clearly and holistically show the structure, evolution of the platform research, when compared with literature reviews method.	1
The findings make profound that African countries should prioritise and engage their limited resources in areas of national priorities.	1
This comes with the following advantages: the research themes are more accurately modeled; the granularity of the targeted research themes can be specified by selecting the number of key terms included in the model; and, the interpretability and specificity of resulting research themes is significantly improved.	1
You are warmly invited to join us at the launch of our	0
These findings are essential for the formulation of scientific and migration policies and contribute to understanding individual behaviour in building academic and professional careers.	1
Amsterdam School of Communications Research (ASCoR), University of Amsterdam, Kloveniersburgwal 48, 1012 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	0
This content downloaded from 128.135.012.127 on March 20, 2017 02:50:56 AM	0
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and publication of this article.	0
Also the concave or convex relation between the proportion of top 100θ% publications, for different fractions θ, is explained using the obtained new informetric model.	1
Given the high cost of collecting data compared with the relatively low cost of writing a mock report, we recommend the "mock report" strategy be done more often, especially for researchers planning a new and expensive study.	1
Inspired by prior scholarship (for example, Azoulay et al.	1
The survey emphasized that most respondents are interested in research and identified several important potential factors predicting research interest, perceived barriers, and research productivity in OM.	1
Theory-driven research into understanding OA publishing behavior is rare.	1
Chase-slope curves of three-year bursts for seven bibliometric traits of levodopa papers	0
Our emphasis on technological advancements in new scientific knowledge, albeit for only one federal laboratory, is motivated not only by the opportunity to contribute to a more complete understanding of the technology transfer process by investigating a stage of activity at its genesis, but also to offer complementary empirical evidence, from an important source of new knowledge, to support the affirmative answer to the question posed by Bloom et al.	1
Received: 11 March 2022 / Accepted: 10 February 2023 / Published online: 27 February 2023	0
While factors including institutional prestige and gender are shown to affect faculty hiring outcome, there is a lack of study on whether and how research collaboration helps.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
A second parameter could be added in order to account for apparent changes in scientific production.	0
We compared the latent information in the different types of embeddings and arrived to the conclusion that the textual embedding generates a semantic space, while the GNN generates a relational space.	1
Specifically, to test group differences in inconsistencies in ratings, we employed model-based estimates of IRR.	1
We hope that our study raises awareness of the individual decision problem which authors having a surname initial towards the end of the alphabet face when they choose to collaborate in academic projects.	1
The rest of the paper is organized as follows-section “Related Work" presents the major related works; m section "Model Formulation" describes how we simulate different peer review processes; sections Experiment and Further Discus- sion discuss the simulation results; section Summary and Conclusion concludes this paper.	0
As for type of article, “therapeutic" accounted for half of the articles, similar to the results in other such studies.5	0
This study conducted the first bibliometric review of publications, contributions, authors, countries, and institutions related to biomarkers in CHD, and identified the most commonly cited publications and journals.	1
As the Segal’s law says, “A man with a watch knows what time it is.	0
The citation data for Contemporary Accounting Research in 2000 and 2001 are retrieved from Business Source Premier.	0
This article makes novel contributions to the peer review research landscape in several ways: first by addressing the gaps in empirical research identified in prior scholarship, second by exploring a new discipline, and third by highlighting a topic that has not been the subject of previous enquiries, namely the influence of disciplinary origins on peer review.	1
This cannot be a very clean distinction, though the difference in average citation rates between the two categories indicates that there is something to it.	0
We thank an anonymous reviewer for drawing our attention to this point.	0
To cite this article: Hui-Zhen Fu, Jian Chu & Ming Zhang (2017): In-depth analysis of international collaboration and inter-institutional collaboration in nuclear science and technology during 2006–2015, Journal of Nuclear Science and Technology, DOI: 10.1080/00223131.2017.1383209	0
Brunei is a small tropical country -located in Southeast Asia– for which there are no previous bibliometric studies.	1
The method could be adapted to investigate the progress of women in research in many other countries, and the role played by non-national researchers in their scientific output.	1
We provide useful information for those concerned about the state of the academic accounting profession.	1
Thus, we expect that also the citing papers of the 59 publications and the corresponding citation contexts reflect only a part of EG's influence or impact.	0
* All molecular graphs in this paper are constructed and drawn using CorelDRAW?11.	0
In this work, we show that multivariate analysis has the necessary potential to contribute to such an analysis.	1
In this section, we give detailed explanations of the experimental results.	0
As of August 23, 2019 there are 544 publishers listed for review.	0
However, such consequences, as well as other costs of misconduct to society, have not been systematically studied or quantified.	1
Peer review information Nature Biotechnology thanks Lutz Bornmann and the other, anonymous, reviewer(s) for their contribution to the peer review of this work.	0
A ascens?o da publica??o científica da China levanta questionamentos sobre o comportamento da produ??o indexada na WoS na área da Ciência da Informa??o, especialmente em rela??o à produ??o brasileira: qual é a semelhan?a ou a diferen?a entre o perfil da publica??o brasileira em compara??o com a chinesa, na área da Ciência da Informa??o?	1
The following example illustrates some of the administrative steps taken by the editors of Communications of AIS (CAIS) to ensure its success, reputation, and brand name recognition:	0
Inspired by advantages of g-index, a proposal is being made here that uses more information than g-index but is far simpler to compute as compared with g-index.	1
Here, we turn our attention to an as yet unexplored aspect of highly cited researchers—their publication practices, citation patterns, their interrelationships and the social attributes with which they are associated.	1
Here we examine how chemical engineering journals are related based on how often they cite each other (Figure 3).	1
And some new indicators have recently emerged that ought to be considered.	1
Author contributions Conceived and designed the analysis: Giacomo Vaccario, Matus Medo, Nicolas Wider, Manuel Sebastian Mariani.	0
Bold means positive correlation (r≥0.7) and italic means negative correlation (r ≤?0.7)	0
Figure 1 is a histogram of the number of self-reported publications.	0
Therefore, our study demonstrates the feasibility of using co-authorship patterns to reveal the disciplinary differences to guide data-driven academic performance evaluation.	1
This study is the longest-running cross-sectional study of data sharing and withholding in the life sciences.	1
The complete bibliographic information, a link to the original publication on https://www.jmir.org/, as well as this copyright and license information must be included.	0
Another main contribution of DescriptiveBC is the provision of descriptive terms to explain why two articles are related.	1
The research results can provide quantitative data and reference for science and technology decision makers to make policy, and make academia develop more balanced.	1
By examining the same and different measures at the same and different times for the same individuals we are able to show the capabilities and limitations of each measure.	1
American Sociological Association is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Sociology of Education.	0
In Section 4, we give a detailed description of data collection and preprocessing.	0
The exploration of the short-term influence of international co-authorships on the citation impact of papers will add insight into this relationship.	1
This study proposes a novel bibliographic model representing interinstitutional collaborations and a model for embedding the proposed network.	1
Use standardized averages to remove the scale dependence from “bare” citation averages.	1
However, our approach differs from Davis (2011)’s approach in several aspects.	1
While neither video-enabled technology or remote collaboration is new, the technology developments and needs that occurred during the pandemic proved exceptional, indeed a step-change in approaches to research collaboration.	1
The answers of this study's research questions offer a new perspective to overcome the challenges in the processes through which scientific products meet with their users.	1
First, our paper provides an important, innovative view for studying countries' scientific capability.	1
In contrast, this paper proposes a new MPA framework from the perspective of citation structure and content.	1
We propose a new dynamical model to capture the observed dynamic regularities.	1
Examining 1.8 billion citations among 90 million papers across 241 subjects, we find a deluge of papers does not lead to turnover of central ideas in a field, but rather to ossification of canon.	1
Ying Huang: Conceived and designed the analysis; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
In this contribution I have tried to make a first step in this direction: In an effort to make sense of the manifestos’ opposing (e-) valuation strategies, I have offered one possible interpretation of this dispute.	1
The data are contained in a specialized database, the visualization algorithms are coded in C for speed, and the interface is coded in Java for portability and Web-browser execution.	0
Recently, multiple medical specialties have ranked articles within their fields by citation frequency [1–6].	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
ECO= Economy, ENV= Environmental, GST= Green & Sustainable Science & Technology, ENG= Engineering; GEO= Geography, MTH= Mathematics, OPR= Operations Management and Research, ST= Science and Technology, TR= Transport	0
1 Department of Physics, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0319, USA	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at http://www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
Section 4 characterizes the equilibrium, and Section 5 analyzes and discusses some comparative statics results.	0
However, only a few have explored ways to promote OA from the perspective of librarians, who are considered experts in their field.	1
We hope that this study encourages psychologists, as individuals and on institutional levels (associations, journals, conferences), to conduct experimental research on peer review, and that the preregistered field experiment we have reported may serve as a blueprint of the type of research we argue is necessary to cumulatively build a rigorous knowledge base on the peer-review process.	1
The citation rate of an article determines the journal impact, but not viceversa.	1
We would like to extend our sincere thanks to all the students who participated in the survey.	0
Results of the comparison among the six nations of publication output in the core set of journals are offered in Table 4.	0
It may be debated, in further work, whether the intermediate set is in fact to be considered as a third set, or results from the other two.	0
3 Distribution of doctoral students' training scheme assessment policy documents by domain	0
This study provides up-to-date norms broken down by academic level, university network, and estimated career stage for a range of new metrics of research quantity, quality, and impact available from SciVal.	1
students performed their research within companies, but were fully financed by the Ministry of Education, Science and Sport.	0
This article argues that it is pertinent to situate academic metrics (journal, institutions and individual scholars' rankings and ratings) within the broader logic of neoliberal government, in order to better identify and understand the impact of these metrics on political scientists' perceptions, behaviours and identities.	1
Would you like to know when the next issue of your favorite APA journal will be available online?	0
Moreover, this study expands the theoretical connections between interdisciplinary research and its societal impact, revealing the critical role interdisciplinary research plays in driving societal development.	1
Third, by combined complex network and GIS analysis, it would provide not only a new perspective to a controversial discipline but also a more explanatory research approach, especially through geographical visualization of co-occurrence networks.	1
In this broader respect, we believe our application may contribute to the construction of surveys at the national level in a way replicable by other scientific communities interested in homogeneous data accessibility and international representativeness.	1
In this study the word “patent” will be used generically to mean any published patent document, e.g., unexamined patents.	0
This paper fills a gap in the library and information science literature by addressing the citation behaviors of researchers at a large multidisciplinary government research facility, a setting that has not been examined previously.	1
Our analysis moves towards filling this gap in understanding.	1
The Garfield Factor of journals can be calculated by two different ways:	0
(2019), to varying degrees, in addition to new themes that emerged from the analysis: IRC asymmetries and IRC policies (Table 2).	1
EABCA can more accurately reveal the association between authors, which is manifested as follows.	1
These results were not unexpected and in accordance with findings by Belew (2005) and Pauly and Stergiou (2005).	0
In this paper, we study this systemic inflation by proposing a population model for academia.	1
We further disaggregate the opinion-based data to provide insights into variations in judgment of journal quality based on geographic location, journal affiliations and publishing records, and experience in the field.	1
In this paper, we propose three bibliometric indicators to quantify the pace of AI innovations based on the bibliographic information of AI preprints in arXiv: Average Time Interval, Innovation Speed, and Update Speed.	1
Qualitatively, the author position indicated that all types of hospital are involved in research projects.	1
For early-career researchers by early-career researchers: The GPNG model for advancing, promoting and supporting innovative research	1
Optimization of the search algorithm led to the complete reassessment of previously published findings on the performance of environmental tobacco smoke research.	1
The complete list of the parties in the study is included in Appendices A, B, and C to facilitate the understanding of the findings in Figures 1 and 2.	0
Perhaps they simply saw 100 as a nicely convenient round figure?	0
Of course, this is a simplification because large team research might involve groups of researchers from different institutions, perhaps often including junior researchers with little “audience” of their own.	0
Many researchers studied Iranian co-authorship networks in various fields, including medical sciences such as emergency medicine (14), medicine (15) and psychology and psychiatry (16), but as far as we found out, none of them investigated network of researches in Parasitology.	1
Erna Alant for valuable discussions about this paper, and very grateful for the valuable comments and suggestions from two anonymous reviewers, which significantly improved the quality of the paper.	0
We also found that only 13.10% of total publication output are without any collaboration.	1
This study reveals longstanding patterns in the geoscience academic hiring network that have reinforced historical inequities that privilege graduates of prestigious programs over all others.	1
At the same time, we also uncovered notable but previously unknown variations along their careers associated with the Nobel Prize, including shifting coauthorship structure in the prize-winning works, and a temporary but significant dip in the impact of works they produce after winning the Nobel Prize.	1
The h-index is a simple single number incorporating both quantity (publication) and quality (citation) scores (Egghe 2006).	0
The main approaches are translation process research, cognitive translatology and cognitive translation studies.	0
This is the first study in which academicians worldwide and working in a specialty were examined based on the Google Scholar h-index score.	1
In conclusion, our study provides the first survey on English language usage pattern of Chinese mainland doctors.	1
We designed an algorithm leveraging the Crossref public and free source of bibliographic metadata to comb the literature for preprint–publication links.	1
This work shows a first attempt to estimate the overall productivity of academics.	1
In this appendix, the median of the patent lifetime distribution is derived based on the Pareto/NBD model.	0
Given these findings, and recognizing that metrics can be efficient indicators of research impact and quality, we propose a renormalization of the existing metrics.	1
In reading the results, recall that a lower value of the exponent c indicates a higher level of authorship concentration.	0
The present study takes advantage of the funding acknowledgements (FA) section, included in WoS articles since 2008 (Costas and van Leeuwen 2012).	1
Academic team recognition based on CII: based on this fundamental structure of academic team, CORE is then proposed to recognize collaborative teams in academia.	1
All authors listed have significantly contributed to the development and the writing of this article.	0
More in-depth evidence is desirable through comparative studies across projects with controlled conditions (e.g., multiple projects in a single funded program), systematic reviews, or meta-analyses.	0
SM performed the analyses, with suggestions by FC, DF, and AM.	0
* A similar concept for node centrality was introduced as "lobby index" in Ref.	0
In this article, we propose to demonstrate that the interest of analyzing scientific deviance lies not so much in identifying the original sources of the disease, as in what these behaviors, and the ensuing reactions, reveal about the functioning of the scientific field.	1
In addition, our results expand the research management of IDR centers by redirecting their unit of analysis from disciplines to clusters, or research domains, which make up their cognitive structures.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2018	0
973 and 863 Programmes are uniformly integrated into National Key R&D Programme of China in 2016.	0
This study differs from previous studies in Greece in terms of methodology, indicators and evaluation of results.	1
An ensemble learning method is used with three base classifiers to classify citations into five different categories.	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).	0
Different from the criticism stated in previous literature, this paper finds that the quality of China's research (represented by papers published in high-impact journals) is promising.	1
The authors express their gratitude to Dave Elder-Vass and one anonymous reviewer for comments.	0
Therefore, we propose a time-varying returns model which integrates the empirically-revealed relation between patent order and technological impact into the Q model.	1
Articles are only compared against other articles from the same journal.	0
To this effect, we create two pair-specific variables: average productivity and the absolute difference in productivity	0
It was the first study to analyze the most cited articles on rotator cuff repair.	1
The impact factor and the mean citation frequency of editors of international chemistry journals	0
This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (81960407).	0
We expect this is in part due to sampling error given the small number of APC funded journals particularly outside of the health sciences.	0
The perfectionism index based on the TC-area, called the PI index.	1
Factors such as general reputation of school, size of graduating body, personal loyalties to alma maters and personal experiences all potentially bias results.	0
It is our belief that by explicating such mechanisms CoE program theory can be greatly improved.	1
The suggested RCG representation and methodology to measure impact goes against the narrow nature of citation counts, putting forward an alternative ideology to quantify influence.	1
Importantly, this new query will yield far greater sensitivity while maintaining specificity for subsequent years since PubMed began to link all authors to their institutional addresses beginning in 2014 (Tybaert, 2013).	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
Relative size of the giant component in the cumulative algorithm co-occurrence network by year	0
Our study differed from the previously mentioned studies in several ways.	1
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
The main advantage of the graphical analysis is the representation of the connections between the variables that indicates similar profiles inside the publications of CIE.	1
We focus on percentage changes in expected counts in the interpretation of the models (Long and Freese 2014).	0
(NB: The original files have colour separation, which is not possible to achieve in the journal.)	0
Our proposed equivalent time and resultant E-index have added an efficiency dimension to bibliometric analysis.	1
What clearly emerges from our results is the need for more concern over gender representation in the quality assurance and gatekeeping functions of scholarly publishing.	1
Access provided at 3 Jan 2020 05:29 GMT from Reading University (+1 other institution account)	0
In this work, we quantify the gender and geographic diversity in the Brazilian science.	1
Note: PLOS Clinical Trials was merged in August 2007 with PLOS ONE.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).	0
We argue that, as a new and emerging profession, evaluative bibliometrics has successfully established a subordinate jurisdiction in the Netherlands, but that similar professionalization cannot be observed in Italy.	1
In earlier work, we introduced the idea of SAPVs, which was implemented by Rahman et al.	1
The new-methods-drive-science theory presented here can offer a unifying theory for the field that is grounded in the powerful role of scientific methods which is the common thread among this scientific community.	1
As the main strength, present paper reports the first experience of evaluation of research activities of Iranian health research networks.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to measure attributes of journals in aquaculture research to provide a quantitative comparison between non-indexed OA journals and well-established, indexed journals for scientific standards, ethical rigor and possible predatory implications.	1
It is also easier to view the detail structure of a small database.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-016-1894-5) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Keywords Altmetrics · Count type · User category · Correlation analysis · Twitter	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/spp/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/scipol/scz019/5488509 by University of Southern Denmark user on 17 May 2019	0
Thus, the answer to the initial question; “is there a fame bias in editorial choice?" is clearly Yes.	1
Using our collected dataset, we have created a segmentation of universities in Turkey according to the number of academics they employ.	1
The author is grateful to Craig Fraser and the Canadian Society for History and Philosophy of Mathematics for an invitation to present an earlier version of this paper at the 2002 annual meeting in Toronto.	0
Due to the scope of this article, we have not provided highlights of these resources here.	0
Subsequently, we introduce a statistical discrete choice model to estimate the decision probability for a proposal to be accepted on the basis of measured attributes of frontier research.	1
The raw data and code used to generate our analyses and figures are available on the Open Science Framework: https://osf.io/hngwx/.	0
Conflict of interest The author has no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
But I wouldn't say that the risk is more or less than that in other lines of work.	0
All authors certify that they have no affiliations with or involvement in any organization or entity with any financial interest or non-financial interest in the subject matter or materials discussed in this manuscript.	0
Our findings provide evidence that corporate financial support can lead to substantial improvement in academics' follow-on research direction without diverting their previous scientific exploration trajectory.	1
The relationships among the factors of the international learning experience are not shown for reasons of parsimony.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 15, 2002 313	0
Note: Values in each cell are: mean number of publications, standard deviation, percentage of respondents not publishing any papers in the category, and number of respondents	0
Second, our work encompasses scientists from diverse scientific disciplines, offering insights that extend beyond specific scientific domains.	1
Second, this work proposes novel metrics that should contribute to the debate on interdisciplinary measurement by adopting an article-based journal classification system.	1
In this paper, we analyze a relatively recent commercial strategy used by large academic publishers to capitalize on the brand names of their most prestigious scientific journals.	1
These findings demonstrate that article dissemination through news outlets and social media sites represents an effective and evolving tool for increasing reach and knowledge translation.	1
Our study is the first to explore actual levels of plagiarism in biomedical journals from Africa.	1
We propose and carry out two distinct methods to test each of the two hypotheses.	1
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
The steps in executing a collaborative project are presented in Figure 2, and outlined below.	0
We know of no comparable data set that provides a description of faculty members' development of doctoral students based on the faculty member's use or lack of use of core RCR principles and standards.	1
The present study, in addition to confirming this same trend in relation to leishmaniasis, has allowed us to describe other aspects of the scientific collaboration in the field, such as the fact that in last several decades, the number of different people with whom researchers collaborate has significantly increased.	1
The subcategories are numbered for ease of reference only; the numbers are not intended to convey a sense of precision about the arrangement of items.	0
As to the methodological problem we found that different databases lead to different results, showing that results based on the RPI must be interpreted with care.	1
So, C is free from the problem of sample size dependency.	0
We contribute to this strand of literature by investigating the role of free and reduced-fee online access in developing countries on scientific output and input.	1
The profiles identified by this study offer a comparison method for institutions to examine the translation of their research into clinical practice and the economy.	1
Average and standard deviation of CiteScore for closed-access (n = 34,638) and open-access (n = 4,303) sources between 2011 and 2015.	0
To fill this gap, Mendeley readership data and Scopus citation counts were extracted for both journal articles and conference papers published in 2011 in four fields for which conferences are important: Computer Science Applications; Computer Software; Building and Construction Engineering; and Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering.	1
We test the performance of this measure on the same corpus discussed above, finding that the research output quotient performs very well both over time and across sub-disciplines of astronomy, as shown in Figures 3 and 4.	0
The volume of the presented sample frame is about 200 state scientific organizations.	0
The results validate the effectiveness of the peer review system to a certain extent.	1
The study was approved by the authors’ university institutional review board.	0
Three indices are proposed to discover top quality YouTube channels.	1
These results reveal an unusual synaptic mechanism that affects lateral habenula activity.	1
This paper is the result of a project funded by DG Research of the European Commission, whose support is greatly acknowledged.	0
NOTE: The first five items are rated on a 3-point scale: 1 = Not at all likely to 3 = Very likely.	0
Among imaging subspecialties, articles about neuroimaging represent 58% of the top 100 most-cited articles in the imaging literature.	1
The PFL is intended not only to inform readers about any given article's and journal's adherence to scholarly publishing standards, but to educate readers about the standards that set scholarly publishing apart on the very trustworthiness of the information.	1
Received: 10 November 2021 | Accepted: 5 January 2022 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 24 February 2022	0
By using patent technology codes to identify distinct technologies and their combinations, we are able to systematically and empirically study the combinatorics of invention.	1
This paper contributes to the literature by examining whether lead articles should be interpreted as signals of quality in the digital age.	1
Here y is defined as a given number of events occurring in a fixed interval of time or space in Country j, which is a dependent variable in Models (1) and (2).	0
Questions remained as to whether or not the factors had any relationship to one another, how closely they were related, and which factors were more important than which others.	0
Thus, it is legitimate to seek to determine the impact of the US in shaping the research landscape in SDSS.	0
Although these limitations exist, we hope that this first introduction of multi-granularity linguistic characteristics to usage metrics would provide a new perspective.	1
We have attempted to assess the elements of an ideal-typical story wall summarizing the success factors for publishing a team's interdisciplinary efforts.	1
In sum, the present quantitative attempt to support the qualitative analysis confirms the results of the coding procedure applied on the sample.	0
This study is among the first attempts to support the landscape of the public-invested innovation using the full government-subsidized patent dataset.	1
The analysis also reveals an interesting pattern with regard to the outcome of different reform strategies.	1
Previous review studies paid more attention to simulation methods, multivariate statistic models and water quality models.	1
Given the confounding findings on the relationship between citations and social media exposure, the study intends to move further in this direction and explore whether highly cited articles are generating equally high interest on social media, and if not, why.	1
The categorization is adopted by the Scopus and ScienceDirect database owned by the publisher Elsevier.	0
To this end, we propose the Generalized Dirichlet multinomial regression (g-DMR) topic model, which improves the DMR topic model by replacing a linear inner product in topic priors, exp(xd · λt), with a more general form based on topic distribution function (TDF), exp(ft(xd)) + ε.	1
It is the first study since Yank and Rennie's (1999) investigation of the Lancet to take such an approach, thus addressing a clear gap in the literature.	1
To the authors’ knowledge, the proposed method is the first one for thematic comparison of researches based on an indicator.	1
We have detected two opportunities to complement the process of lexical query's search-term selection for emerging technologies.	1
This section also serves to introduce concepts that will be alluded to later.	0
For example, if NCA = 20, SA = 1, and CA = 9, then the AACA would be 2.10 or [(20 – 1) / 9], indicating that more than two authors contribute to each co-authored article.	0
(2018) by exploring whether or not a reduction along one margin of research production “effort”—that involving the supply of critiques of an unpublished manuscript by informal commenters, which represents an author-supplied input or form of effort in the production process that is related to quality control, and can be captured through the information provided in the acknowledgement footnote of a published study—occurs after an academic is granted tenure.	1
This new approach accompanies the broader change from hierarchical, structured knowledge in science and technology (i.e., with subdisciplines and specialties that match departmental structures) to a web of ways of knowing resulting from changing social contracts (Gibbons et al., 1994) and increasing institutional hybridity (Etzkowitz & Leydesdorff, 2000) and dissonance between epistemic and social structures.	1
3 The impact of attendee probability α on the conference closure in 2011.	0
Thus, the analysis of the relationship between collaboration and impact of scientific production on management in regions and countries of emergent economies would add additional evidence to contrast the behavior of the publications under other conditions.	1
Figura 1 Producción científica y media de citas / artículo por área temática.	0
Inspired by the disease-spreading model a complex networks, this study classifies the states of research entities during the proces of knowledge diffusion in scientific collaboration into four categories.	1
Author contributions Conceptualisation: [MK & IR]; Data collection [AY]; Data analysis and interpretation: [AK, IR, MK]; Writing—original draft preparation: [MK & AK]; Writing—review and editing: [IR, MK]; Final approval of the version to be submitted—all authors approve the submission.	0
The authors would like to thank Martin Rosvall for generating the maps used in Figure 2, and also Alan Wilson for drawing our attention to impact factor inflation.	0
Overall, our findings provide a framework for understanding how teamwork coaching during RD can mitigate higher coordination costs associated with information exchange and task integration (Fox & Faver, 1984) among proposers working on a grant proposal.	1
In addition to the analysis of the PICMET data, the article delves into the past ten years (2009–2018) to carry out an in-depth bibliometric analysis of the citations of more than 3000 PICMET papers available at Scopus.	1
In this article, we evaluate link-based similarity measures by applying them to a classification algorithm.	0
This said, and relativizing Merton's somewhat idealizing depiction, the findings of a range of historical case studies also suggest that the very same memory system also has served, maybe ever since its own inception, as a forum for and site of various strategic activities, rhetoric or political ones, for instance (see, e.g., Gilbert 1977; Gusfield 1976; Yearly 1981).	0
This allows us to start from the researchers rather than their publications.	1
the Academic Ranking of World Universities) as well as spatial visualization approaches.	1
This article is a revised and extended version of a paper presented at the 17th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators (STI 2012) held in Montreal (Québec, Canada), September 2012.	0
We introduce a similar logic to the study of scholarly success, finding robust evidence that the effects of individual traits are moderated by features of the environment.	1
The method suggested here is a way of combining citations data with journal quality and seems to allow little room for individual judgements by reviewers.	1
Additional supporting information may/can be found online in the supporting information tab for this article.	0
We feel there is room for research that looks at actual evaluation cases and analyses how responsibly they are conducted.	1
*HTA reports selected for additional analysis of international HTA report uptake through the CRD HTA database.	0
The other central contribution here is to not just study discoveries but, as a further analysis, shift the focus to include scientific methods and instruments in studying the evolution of science.	1
The study of the power law relationship between citation impact and collaboration patterns of articles of ISLS journals will add a new perspective to previous findings on this bivariate relationship.	1
This work was supported in part by National Science Foundation Grant SBE-0915005 to C.T.B.	0
We tested this assumption by monitoring the final destiny of a large number of papers that were first rejected without revisions by an editor.	1
In the decade since, the significant rise in the number of citations and citation classics also sheds light on how our specialty has evolved, but perhaps even more so on trends in research, writing, referencing, and publishing.	1
THE POPE: The very most that may be done is to show him the instruments.	0
I am grateful to members of the Faculty of Education at the University of Hong Kong for stimulating discussions on how to measure the impact of research output, to six experts who commented on Figure 2, and to Li Dongyu for assistance with the data analysis.	0
In between these two regimes, only 40% are stable in the middle 20%.	0
Gulf Financial Center (GFC), Gulf University for Science and Technology, Mubarak Al-Abdullah, Kuwait	0
The methods we introduce in this manuscript can also enhance meta-analyses, helping to condense a rapidly growing body of research (Turanovic and Pratt 2021), and ensure that smaller (but no less important!) research agendas do not fade from view entirely (Lynch et al.	1
This unusual acknowledgment of the broad relevance of Neotropical Ichthyology is the reason it was chosen as the subject of the present study.	1
Taken together, these phenomena challenge the assumptions and suggest a possible transformation from the traditional flying geese paradigm, in which Japan is the “leading goose” in the regional hierarchical industrializing model in Asia.	1
The titles of the journals were retrieved from Pubmed using key word "Pharmacology".	0
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
The main findings increased the understanding of the state of sports science in Spain.	1
The figure on the right is a magnified portion of the left figure.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—June 2001 629	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=sfor20	0
SCR standard competition ranking, SJR SCImago Journal Rank, NA not available, IF impact factor	0
RAMP data can be merged with complementary datasets to explore new methods for assessing the role and contribution of IR to an "open scholarly record," which is here defined as the global set of academic, research, and other scholarly products that are openly accessible.	1
The ordinate shows the fraction of papers for each number of citations.	0
Abbreviations: H-index, Hirsch index; NIH, National Insti- tutes of Health; OMSs, oral and maxillofacial surgeons.	0
We are hoping this new approach could offer different yet informative evidence towards quantitative studies of science.	1
Further information on the project and the survey mentioned above can be found on https://metrics-project.net/.	0
The full list of questions, including sections on background, feasibility, and implications for success for each, can be found in the Supplementary Data.	0
This study provides an up-to-date bibliometric analysis on the publications of ED in SM research field in the period 2009–2017.	1
metrics of researcher productivity and competency, collaboration strength and timespan).	1
Our so-called “control” indicators use bibliometric indicators to capture some negative aspects associated with citation practices and dissemination of research results: high levels of self-citation, excessive concentration of publications in a single journal, and dependence on other investigators in publishing.	1
The datasets generated during and/or analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
1 Example of user-interface as seen by the editor in ScholarOne.	0
Al-Aboud), College of Science, King Abdul-Aziz University, Jeddah, Department of Dermatology (K.	0
Publisher: Taylor & Francis & Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
Lastly, the data in this study are open to expansion, with new studies being published each day, and the increasing trend of publication number might go on for longer than is expected from the proposed model.	0
Most commonly used keywords for traditional fuzzy techniques in Big Data.	0
The aim of our paper is now to shed a bit more light on the relationship between reputation and relevance of economic journals.	1
Table 1 Citations each journal gave to other journals, including itself (rows), and the citations each journal received from the other journals (columns) (Anaesthesia (Anae.), Anesthesiology (Anesth.), Anesthesia and Analgesia (An./An.), British Journal of Anaesthesia (BJA), Canadian Journal of Anaesthesia (CJA) and European Journal of Anaesthesiology (EJA)).	0
This study makes three main contributions to the literature.	1
By agreeing to review a manuscript, the reviewer is acknowledging that he or she has the knowledge base with which to adequately assess the manuscript.	0
In other words, the level of concentration of the citations among the first articles does not change the value of this index.	0
2005-2006 and 2006–2007 SAEM Grants Committee Members are listed in Appendix A.	0
Nuevo mapa de la investigación publicada en Profesional de la Información (2006-2023)	1
Thus, we would like to describe in detail here only two of them.	0
Third, we test for differences over time and between data types using datasets from the four waves of the European Values Study (EVS).	1
Figure 1: Overall process architecture for comparing the content- and section-based approaches	0
It is also a known fact that in order for actions taken based on scientific activity to reach their objectives, a long period of time, even longer than that of the present study, is necessary.	0
These narratives were written in collaboration with representatives of the 13 countries.	0
This is a quadratic function optimization problem with linear constraints with l variables.	0
This finding differs from the established view that it is primarily volume that drives mobility (Allison & Long, 1987; Edler, Fier, & Grimpe, 2011).	1
The seahorse-shaped structure reveals how the 11 subcomponents of Cascade assemble into the final protein complex.	1
Table 1) COM concentration of males in the high-end subgroup, COF concentration of females in the high-end subgroup	0
This research was supported by the "National Natural Science Foundation of China" (71673038, 71503031) and the project of "Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities” (DUT18JC32).	0
Any further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the author(s) and the title of the work, journal citation and DOI.	0
An edge is reported if any two countries have co-authored on average at least five articles per year	0
In line with these earlier studies, we believe that negative collaboration experiences across scientific disciplines and cohorts represent a key dimension of the social dynamics of research collaboration that is not well addressed in previous research.	1
This content downloaded from 193.105.245.44 on Sat, 28 Jun 2014 07:35:55 AM	0
JEH apologizes for not citing and discussing the vast amount of relevant recent literature on the subject, due to the fact that it would have made this article much longer and time-consuming to write.	0
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
Readers interested in more detail on the intervention codes are encouraged to refer to the previous publication,4 which contains a more thorough description and expanded definitions.	0
In doing so, team members can provide recommendations for experienced and emerging researchers as they engage in the interdisciplinary team science process (Green & Johnson, 2015).	1
Address correspondence concerning this article to Deborah Layman, MM, MT-BC, Coordinator of Music Therapy, School of Music, Cleveland State University, 4065 Buxton Road, South Euclid, OH 44121.	0
The listed reasons can be generalised on the level of scientific collaboration: (1) the tendency to study phenomena that have a specific geographic and social context; (2) the poorer publishing possibilities in interna- tional or English-language journals; and (3) the less motivating reward system for inter- national publishing in Sociology.	0
Further, we find that in the anthropology scholarly communication ecosystem, APCs for hybrid journals are more expensive than those for fully gold OA journals, thus contradicting the assumption that gold OA is more costly to researchers.	1
To our knowledge, the later analysis is the first to examine the association between the characteristics of an incoming chairperson and the subsequent research productivity of his or her university department.	1
Also, 2% of the world's publications belong to Iran.	1
Several sets of references of decreasing relevance were thus created by automatic selection:	0
The authors have no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant nos.	0
One of the important merits of this methodology is that some newly emerging but highly cited researchers can be spotlighted and gain more academic attention because only the metrics of HCPs are considered in calculation.	1
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2014	0
The choice of the notion of institutionalization for this study requires clarification.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
As a preliminary to introducing the data used in this study we should like to address the following points.	0
The paper is organized in five sections: in Section 2, we discuss the background, then review the earlier literature, perform the recursive eigenvalue and eigenvector computation for an illustrative case already studied earlier, provide the mathematical proof for the interesting finding that IW is remarkably insensitive to self-citations, and conclude with a statement on the implications and impacts of the new findings.	1
Received November 16, 2006; revised January 22, 2007; accepted January 22, 2007	0
All entities are connected and clustered with a dashboard laid on Google Maps (Kuo et al., 2020) instead of the static image produced by VOSviewere software (Wong, 2018).	1
The greatest methodological challenge remains the assessment of societal impact (Mostert et al.	1
Krinsky at New York University is thanked for the concepts that prompted this study.	0
See Table 3 for the correspondence between the acronyms used and those considered in JCR listings.	0
The United States debates its exploration of the sea for oil and gas.	0
The primary aim of this work was to provide a novel approach for the analysis of research impact and identified actors within the anti-doping research landscape who play the role of connecting different research fields in their work.	1
The proposed method can be characterized as a 'bottom-up' approach, constructing a specialty approximation starting from a particular specialized seed record.	1
The exact value plays no role as pg,h(a) = 0 in this case.	0
For faculty members and doctoral students: Percentage of references made to theses, conference proceedings, and journal articles.	0
This would reduce costs significantly, opening a sustainable pathway for scholarly publishing and OA.	1
In this graphical way, gALM provides a more intuitive comparison of large-scale literatures.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(10):2107-2118, 2009	0
In this paper, such finding is confirmed, and new hypothesis of the size summation of science and economy is further explored.	1
The letters i and j run according to the subfields and to the countries, respectively.	0
We name the first indicator the “collaboration penalty”.	1
Therefore, the contribution of this paper is to explore the spatial characteristics of the fight against COVID-19 in China at the province, city, and applicant levels based on COVID-19 patent cooperation data, which will enable identification of problems from a new perspective and help to clarify the current technology accumulation in this field in China and propose optimization strategies for the COVID-19 patent cooperation network.	1
The authors and the forum jointly retain the copyright of the articles.	0
The “Law of Triviality” holds for the conduct, publishing and evaluation of management and social-science research.	1
In particular, the generalized index is capable of allowing for different degrees of weighting depth and/or width.	1
Our study aims to fill this gap by presenting a comprehensive analysis of eight years of the editorial process in four computer science journals.	1
Source: Official statistics were obtained from the China Scholarship Council (CSC, 2016).	0
First, this study is the first that evaluates the evolution of authorship and co-authorship in the SM field as a sub-discipline of management and organization.	1
In this paper we develop an original and effective method that can be used to identify illicit collaborations in a probabilistic way.	1
Haiyun Xu: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tool, Performed the analysis, Wrote the paper.	0
The authors would like to thank Norbert Pienta for his support of this update and for his generous sharing of publication data.	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
This study also investigates whether citation patterns differ between high-impact, high-circulation journals and a small, national, peer-reviewed journal with a well-defined and limited geographic readership.	1
I am not the first person to notice that the intellectual challenges of translational medicine (in T1) do not sound particularly novel...	0
Furthermore, this study shows that IPC categories that are similar to one another based on citing-to-cited patterns (and thus close in the global patent map) are not necessarily in the same hierarchical IPC branch, thereby revealing new relationships between technologies that are classified as pertaining to different (and sometimes distant) subject areas in the IPC scheme.	1
Furthermore, citations are not related to the number of authors, which provides evidence against the proposition that multi-authored papers are of higher quality than single-authored papers.	1
The change in probability is calculated after holding all other variables at their means	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The Times may flag Journal articles for many reasons — their inherent excellence or their wide appeal to various groups of readers, for example.	0
By focusing on book reviews, we were able to draw out the “geography of thought” (Nisbett, 2003) within the social sciences and humanities, and to complement previous analyses conducted on research articles (Gingras and Mosbah-Natanson, 2014).	1
Finally, “Conclusions" contains some conclusions emphasizing the original contribution of the study and future research on the topic.	0
Yet, this study did not consider non-socio-political and more objective factors that can explain these changes for several Arab nations.	1
Also missing from the literature is information about what improves review panelists' skills, and whether different review formats have different effects on skill development or improvement.	1
16 The map of country co-authorships associated with the Covid-19 literature	0
a%Same is the percent of cases where both the bibliometric and the ABDC grades agree.	0
The views and opinions expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the Department of Health and of NETSCC.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives License 4.0 (CCBY-NC), where it is permissible to download and share the work provided it is properly cited.	0
This study has attempted to fill some gaps in research on OA journals, in particular faculty members' awareness, perceptions, understanding, and use of OA journals in developing countries.	1
Due to limited space, we present the top 8 mentioned accounts in Table 4.	0
The data provided here may provide useful benchmark or considerations for faculty to evaluate their research productivity using easily obtainable bibliometric indices from Scopus or WOS.	1
This study takes a widely holistic and encompassing approach to look at a range of research areas that the JPIAMR strategic research agenda has identified as priorities to tackle the global problem of antibacterial resistance.	1
This parallels the diffusion theory principle of homophily, which states that the transfer of ideas occurs more easily among those with similar beliefs and education (Rogers, 1983, p.	0
Judit Bar-Ilan, we rejoin the discussion on this easily neglected issue in research evaluation practice by probing a similar “which h-index” question within the database of Web of Science.	1
The present study contributes a systematic analysis of core LIS journal articles in 2005 and analysis of the development of the field between 1965 and 2005.	1
Here, our study revealed the dynamical interactions of influence factors (the number, discipline profile and topic profile of articles, multiple citations, preference-related self-citation and anomalous self-citation) and components of journal citation (JSC, intradisciplinary non-JSC and interdisciplinary non-JSC) (Figure 9).	1
Cumulative percentage of publications of the top ten authors (Source: compiled from bibliometric analysis)	0
A new finding is that diseases with a similar burden in high- and middle-income countries are also under-researched, both globally and in relation to disease burden in high- and middle-income countries.	1
Our research into the state of affairs with regard to female LIS authors, based on a review of the scientific literature, has shown that few bibliometric studies have focused on gender issues.	1
In addition to having a “robots.txt” (that declares full-text downloads off-limits to all sites, with the exception of Google) arXiv watches for rapid downloads from a single site to restricted areas of the Web site, and blocks those sites if they continue after being given a warning.	0
While numerous bibliometric analyses have addressed the different perspectives of remote sensing [19–23] and SDG 11 [24,25], a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of the interaction between remote sensing studies and their contributions to SDG 11 is not yet available.	1
In the SSC Archive, the interested reader finds the new Stata command bibrep.ado including such a sequence of other Stata commands, especially putdocx.	1
2 The map of worldwide research output in the field of nuclear medicine	0
National Institutes of Health; PDF, portable document format; PMC, PubMed Central	0
Instead, in this paper, we have presented a new perspective on the choice between different counting methods, leading to an important new argument in favor of fractional counting.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
Therefore, the tentative conclusions of this study should be verified further in future studies as more evidence becomes available.	0
Downloaded by [Computing & Library Services, University of Huddersfield] at 16:20 26 December 2014	0
This research was previously presented in poster form at the Global Evidence Summit, Cape Town, South Africa; September 2017.	0
The full list of journals that we analysed is available on request or through the Institute for Scientific Information database.	0
First, the survey sample consists of active scholars who have published in recent issues of journals in the field and maybe reasonably inferred as being more aware and current in their knowledge of journal quality.	1
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.joi.2019.01.012.	0
Similarly, while the existence of fundamental disciplinary differences in research cultures (Becher & Trowler, 2001), intellectual strategies (Whitley, 2000) and writing styles (Hyland, 2004) were previously known, as well as the citation impact that novelty can have (Kwon et al., 2019), this study gives the first large scale evidence that the citation impact of novelty varies substantially between fields.	1
For the purpose of legibility, the quotations have been linguistically simplified, and the pauses and breaks while the speaker searches for words as well as emphasis of confirmation have also been revised.	0
We acknowledge, too, that the competition for large grants, with a success rate of 20% of applicants, is a broader sieve than the competition for fellowships, with a 10% success rate.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This paper, therefore, proposes a framework to evaluate knowledge popularity by investigating mutual relationships among authors, tags, and knowledge in a heterogeneous network.	1
Our findings provide evidence of both a global impact and a home country effect.	1
1 The top three regions whose authors were in ophthalmology department using choropleth map	0
The concept of pharmacophores indicates that a set of hit compounds found in an HTS contains more clusters than those found in a set of randomly selected compounds.	0
Correspondence address: Franco Franchignoni, Fondazione Salvatore Maugeri, Clinica del Lavoro e della Riabilitazione, IRCCS, Via Revislate 13, I-28010 Veruno (NO), Italy.	0
However, technological diversity could also increase production costs; hamper economies of scale, and impede standardization and the learning of routines.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE-April 1, 1999 367	0
This suggests that cross-lingual collaboration can help NNESs improve their scientific writing.	1
Third, the study examines citation behavior over a 30-year period.	1
As an illustrative example, high voltage direct current transmission system (HVDC) is selected.	0
Notes: NoE, the number of e-prints; The full counting method is adopted in data statistics.	0
Acknowledgments The authors acknowledge the very useful comments of two anonymous reviewers.	0
"The authors make a direct comparison of the two major methods ..." [no coding, descriptive]	0
The absolute contribution (AC) of a variable to a factorial axis is its contribution to the makeup of the axis (SACs of all variables = 100% for any axis).	0
Density equalizing maps of the total number of Ebola related publications.	0
Note: A denotes an internationally collaborative publication, B indicates a single country publication, C is an inter-institutionally collaborative publication, and D reflects a single institute publication.	0
In this study, I try to fill gaps in this research.	1
Finally, the table is completed with the world ranking of the institutions according to the ARWU World University Ranking and the QS World University Ranking.	0
Further results, such as the comparatively higher increase in the percentage of international collaboration, in the percentage of publications in English language and 'not only in German' language, in the percentage of peer-reviewed publications and journal articles, and in the percentage of publications in journal articles indexed in WoS in the social sciences, hint at the fact that the social sciences adapt faster to the publication habits of the natural sciences than do the humanities.	1
Further details about the “Wayback Machine” can be found at: https://archive.org/web/.	0
Wu is associate senior editor, master of biology, Chinese Journal of Rice Science, China National Rice Research Institute, Hangzhou 310006, China; e-mail: cjrs278@gmail.com.	0
A bibliometric analysis along with a brief historical and modifications overview and scientific applications was carried out to reveal the impact of Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET) isotherm on scientific research.	1
A cluster with visible augmented terms and the full list of key terms.	0
To quote Nelson (1989) "Another disadvantage of the chi-square statistic is that in the tail of the distribution frequencies must be grouped, so it is not always sensitive to differences in this area."	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—July 2008	0
4c and 5c, we observe that the correlations between H5-index and JIF, HR- PageRank are more intimate compared with CCF ranking.	0
The methods section follows, and the empirical data are presented and discussed in the findings section.	0
Chronological distribution of publications retrieved from ISI Web of Science (annual output)	0
We also would like to thank all authors for their contributions to the development of this article.	0
The number of published articles represents only a crude estimate of the scientific activity but hardly represents the quality of published articles.	0
We here represent the first scientometric analysis in the field of glaucoma.	1
The present study provided comprehensive information about the characteristics of scientific articles in periodontology with the greatest number of citations.	1
Based on the results from our study, we modified this binary classification by adding further distinctions (“positive”, “negative”, “hard”, “soft”).	1
Compared with existing studies, in our study, hierarchical cluster analysis was conducted to sort similar fields together and classify them into different groups based on the similarity of responses to several variables (citation and altmetrics).	1
Note that the samples used in the test sessions were not included in the actual coding samplings.	0
Some objections may be raised by the results of our analysis.	0
Formally, let the citation performance of a reference in MWG from publication year to 1995 be Citbefore, rmwg and the citation performance of a publication in its comparison	0
However, we are aware of the difficulties in making such comparisons, due to the lack of common categories.	0
The PS-OC evaluation is advancing social network analysis of scientific collaboration networks beyond co-authorships with the incorporation of self-reported collaboration data and providing insights into the dynamics of evolving collaborations from inception.	1
In order to give insight into the smaller impact of China in the field, this study has compared the collaborative relationship of China in detail both from the aspects of countries and institutes.	1
By looking at the pathways materializing from the design to the performance of the experiment as well as to generation of the innovation output and its impacts, it sheds light on several aspects related to the impact of Research Infrastructures: the main innovation pathways, the gestation lag(s) as well as the research gap(s) of innovation.	1
In the future, we may include other indicators such as citation data and altmetric scores.	0
The details of six hot topics about new IT were as follow:	0
The combination of interview and questionnaire gives a fair and general picture of what the scientists think about the new funding system.3	0
In this study, we have explored the impact of author gender with regard to publication success, based on a systematic evaluation of submitted and published articles in the Journal of Peace Research for the period 1983–2008.	1
8(A)), and again reinforces the substantial structural advantage afforded to more prestigious universities.	1
In the future, we need to further verify the existence of such relationships.	0
In an attempt to integrate these levels, we construct a multilayered analytical framework (at the institution, city, and country levels) of international scientific collaboration (see Figure 1).	1
By comparing divisional leaders, recipients of NIH grants, and those at the same rank of institution, we have convincingly demonstrated that AAS membership positively impacts its members’ academic metrics.	1
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
The author is in debt to the Fund for Scientific Research—Flanders (FWO—Flanders, Brussels) for a generous research grant, and to the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI), for the permission to use data from a sample database of the Institutional Citation Reports.	0
Conflicts of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Specifically, this paper presents an analysis of journal development characteristics in terms of the growth of journal titles at a macro level in recent years.	1
However, the results of these interventions have not yet been investigated.	1
Therefore, this study examined the gender difference in research productivity and its associated factors among faculty at Addis Ababa University.	1
Finally, if our suggestion was realised, the entry of each monograph in the BKCI would automatically contain the number of “reviews” and the number of “citations”.	1
The resulting matrix for each sub-period was then exported to Ucinet (Borgatti et al.	0
For a complete bibliography of studies using citations, see any one of the annual guides published by the Institute for Scientific Information to accompany the SCI.	0
The proof of Proposition II.2 is elementary and is left to the reader.	0
In view of this, this study is carried out based on 1134 journal articles on entrepreneurship education research included in CSSCI database from 1999 to 2017 as samples by employing the bibliometric and visual analysis methods, longitudinally the past, present and future of the entrepreneurship education in China, stating the concerns, focuses of the research and author collaboration at different stages of development in the academic circles, thus having a complete grasp of the overall context and the future development trend of the entrepreneurship education research.	1
bProfessor, 805 TRU Way, Department of Economics, Thompson Rivers University, Kamloops, British Columbia, V2C 0C8, Canada	0
The Web has revolutionized the traditional ways of ranking universities, and it has led to the evolution of a new evaluation culture.	0
We performed a PubMed search to obtain the texts of articles that were available online.	0
This was our method of quantifying title concept diversity.	1
Our study goes further than Thelwall et al.'s by associating blog coverage with future citations, estimating the effect size (the difference in median citations for blogged and nonblogged research) and also covering a precisely defined sample of blogs.	1
Initially we were sceptical about the validity of the idea, and this scepticism was based on several grounds: firstly, patents are taken out for reasons very different from the reasons for publishing journal articles.	0
Our findings contribute to a growing body of evidence highlighting the importance of proximity for collaboration.	1
Due to the different time spans (n) of these AKFPs, the sample set of the AKFP with larger n contains fewer samples.	0
With the aim of bridging this research gap, we examine and compare the plagiarism management policies adopted by a selection of universities in mainland China and Hong Kong, two contexts that have been influenced by different academic traditions.	1
52 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 1, 2008	0
If an article written in a foreign language was chosen, it was discarded and another random number was generated.	0
Our study is unusual in that we make use of a comprehensive dataset including detailed peer-review data for all manuscripts submitted to one specific ecological journal, Functional Ecology, from 2004 to 2013 (inclusive).	1
We add to this work by showing diverging trends for the top 1% most cited compared to the ordinary scientist, with top-cited researchers seeing larger increases in coauthored papers and smaller relative declines in fractional-count publication rates.	1
The aim is that the empirical study reported on here, will help to bridge the existing knowledge gap.	1
We developed a pragmatic way to estimate EC, which overcame the issue of the lack of information about health service quality.	1
This work provides some evidence to inform policy to prevent future research from being published in predatory journals.	1
In this work, we advance the idea that the organization and evolution of science should be studied through different, complementary dimensions.	1
Table 1 Ten top-ranked researchers from the whole study group, identified by the SQI criteria	0
We designed a novel approach for identifying citation behaviour trends based on the distribution of highly-cited, medium-cited, and lowly-cited papers on reference lists.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
A new dynamic growth model reveals how citation networks evolve over time, pointing the way toward reformulated scientometrics.	1
This result can be somehow misleading as it is quite frequently observed that articles published in journals with IF medium or low (IF<5) have been cited more than 10 times.	0
Finally, and to our surprise, we find that the number of publications in top journals by the faculty at these 30 schools dropped quite precipitously from the 2007–2011 to the 2012–2016 period.	1
A number of the transformative research projects seem to be trans-disciplinary rather than interdisciplinary in nature.	1
In what follows some previous research on CoEs and capacity will be presented, secondly a methodological section where the analytical model guiding this study will be put forth.	0
In this paper we attempt to give a contribution to the birth of a new generation of rankings, one that might improve on the current state of the art, by integrating new kind of information and using new ranking techniques.	1
However, to date, a comprehensive list of the top-cited articles in the field of psychiatry is not available.	1
1 Division of Plastic Surgery, Department of Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.	0
This paper explores some important peculiarities and nuances of these concepts and demonstrates their properties on a theoretical as well as empirical basis.	1
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the ABP or the ABP Foundation.	0
It is interesting to note the similarities and differences between the rankings reported in Table 5.	0
Note: The number of papers presented in the discussions in 1981 exceeds the total number in the sample for this year, because of incomplete coverage of papers in the Science Citation Index database.	0
This work contributes to the development of scientific knowledge about GHGE because it identifies important characteristics of research in this field integrating bibliometric and social network analysis.	1
The numbers upon which Figure 9 is based are averages over 10 iterations.	0
The forming of committees for each research field to keep track of rogue actors.	1
Only authors whose ranks are 50 or higher are listed in the table for the purpose of brevity although we will analyze the top 100 authors in our discussion below.	0
Our findings reveal the extent to which retracted papers are discussed on different online platforms and identify at scale audience criticism toward them.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0307-4803.htm	0
In addition to the procedural innovations suggested in the papers at hand, I think we have to more seriously consider the integration of new studies with the existing literature, going beyond the simple (and wrong) dichotomy in which statistically sig- nificant findings are considered as true and nonsignificant results are taken to be zero.	1
There is still very little research focusing on how ECRs navigate and resolve their identities within an evolving evaluative landscape, including the introduction and ongoing socialization of ambiguous criteria such as extra-academic impact.	1
It is unfortunate that retraction of papers due to fraud or scientific misconduct seems a problem of growing importance.	0
Division for Science and Innovation Studies, Administrative Headquarters of the Max Planck Society, Hofgartenstr.	0
An illustration of the workflow of the GIMPACT Influence Analysis Framework	0
The cluster analysis of the intermediate literatures has revealed that "unconnected" literature partners can be visualized as "close neighbours" (Figures 3 – 5, 7 – 11).	0
However, there has been little study of the scientific collaboration network in the industrial ecology (IE) research domain and community.	1
In this context, it is very necessary to use scientific methods to quantitatively analyze existing academic publications on earthquake prediction, revealing the knowledge structure, development status and evolution of the field.	1
Digitization and open access confound the staggering increase in correction notices and retractions.	1
Let us then conclude this article with some concrete comments concerning the practical usage of scientometric data.	0
A significant finding is obtained: article page views usually decay over time after reaching initial peaks, especially exhibiting the nonexponentiality.	1
Previous assessments of radiation oncology resident productivity have limited focus upon numbers of first-authored abstracts and publications alone [18].	1
Back in France, Charles émile Blanchard (1819–1900), who started museum work under the guidance of Audouin, also worked extensively on onychophorans, and wrote the onychophora chapter for the monumental book series Historia Física y Política de Chile, edited by Gay.	0
Table 4 Italian professors authoring HCAS(5%) per UDA (full counting method, data 2006–2010).	0
It is worth noting that some other studies strive to furnish systematic evidence attesting to the tangible advantages of interdisciplinarity.	0
Comparing peer review and information prizes: A possible economics experiment, Social Epistemology: A Journal of Knowledge, Culture and Policy, 9:1, 49-55, DOI: 10.1080/02691729508578773	0
Just to give an overview about the data from which the future analysis has been derived, we present the output numbers of all nine countries.	0
We believe that specificity of a topic in bibliometric analysis is essential, which is generally an unpopular trend in bibliometrics as observed.	1
The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 explains the classification scheme used for categorization.	0
Thirdly, a recently introduced two-parameter normalization scheme outperforms the other normalization procedures over the entire period, reducing citation disproportions to a level very close to the minimum achievable given the data and the classification system.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
For example, there is a total of 11 references in this article; of these, three are this author's own works.	0
This suggests that medical research influencing drug prescribing is more cited than average.	1
From the four methods mentioned above, we obtain the two papers' ranking scores as shown in Table 2.	0
For more than three hundred years, although scholarly communication has been conducted through various formal and informal channels, the concept of the digitization of scholarly communication did not emerge until the early 1970s.	0
This work also presents a collaboration and word co-occurrence networks to visualize the performance of the journal from a different perspective.	1
The symbol x represented the year, and f(x) was the cumulative volume of papers by year.	0
This also shows how impractical the assumption of citation as endorsement of previous research is in this area.	1
In the current work we propose an indicator of efficiency, the number of HCAs per scientist, which can complement the productivity indicators based on impact of total output.	1
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
We assumed that a company that has completed 0 trials will have an entropy of 0.	0
Laboratoire de Physique, école Normale Supérieure de Lyon and UMR CNRS 5672, 69007 Lyon, France	0
Our proposed problem of scientific impact prediction is fundamentally different from the traditional problem of predicting citation counts [8].	1
2010) or economists in the US (Kim et al.	1
To cite this article: Cristian Mihai Dragos, Vasile Dinu, Ciprian Marcel Pop & Dan Cristian Dabija (2014) Scientometric approach of productivity in scholarly economics and business, Economic Research-Ekonomska Istra?ivanja, 27:1, 496-507, DOI: 10.1080/1331677X.2014.974337	0
The Gibbs sampling is run for 2,000 iterations, including 500 for the burn-in period.	0
The analysis carried out here highlights another issue.	1
Whereas Question one and two constitute the focus of the bibliometric analysis presented in Section 4, the third question will be addressed in Section 5.	0
We introduce the notation of scientific knowledge role transition as an evolution from informal to formal.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Presently, there is no existing literature pertaining to the precision of databases’ automatic h-index calculators within the general field of medical sciences using Scopus and WoS.	1
This problem would probably not be solved by analyzing patents from other countries since the US patent system seems to use citations more extensively than others.	0
We believe our work identifies potential areas for CCC organizers to concentrate efforts to improve final publication of abstracts and thus improve the dissemination of research.	1
Disclaimer Any opinion, finding, and conclusion or recommendation expressed in this material is that of the author(s), and the funding agencies do not accept any liability in this regard.	0
This paper presents a retrospective overview of Employee Relations-The International Journal since its inception in 1979.	1
Despite the availability of helpful tips for prospective authors, there is little empiric research in medical education (or in other fields) that attempts to understand how authors weigh and balance various factors in selecting a journal for their work.	1
This study is the first attempt to study the role of social networks in the Chinese scientific field.	1
In particular, we focus on the type of acceptance when a manuscript is accepted and the type of rejection when a manuscript is rejected.	1
Received 9 February 2022; Revised 17 April 2022; Accepted 1 June 2022; Published 27 June 2022	0
Despite this difficulty, there is a consented honor given to those who make creative contributions to science: the Nobel Prize.	0
Beckstead is an associate professor at the University of South Florida College of Nursing.	0
In our novel approach we operationalize three related conceptions of breakthrough research through three slightly different citation analysis methods.	1
Acknowledgements We thank Enago (www.enago.tw) for the English language review of this manuscript.	0
In fact, Hess thanks Menard in the acknowledgements (see Hess 1962, 618).	0
To cite this article: Francis Narin (1991) Globalization of Research, Scholarly Information, and Patents-Ten Year Trends, The Serials Librarian: From the Printed Page to the Digital Age, 21:2-3, 33-44, DOI: 10.1300/J123v21n02_05	0
This study is the first attempt to assess whether Amazon metrics reflect an aspect of the intellectual impact of books and hence could be useful for research evaluation.	1
Finally, our metric performs better at identifying revolutionary science compared to existing metrics, such as the CD index and the mCD index.	1
University of Toronto Press Journal of Scholarly Publishing April 2021 doi: 10.3138/jsp.52.3.03	0
By year-end it had grown to 26 papers, a dramatic growth that was noted by several authors (Afzali et al.	0
Appendix: cost model of cumulative CA core value for a LI	0
Where we have used quotes from respondents, we have mentioned gender, subject and country if known in square brackets.	0
The HSG score represents a novel author-level tool within the domain of altmetrics.	1
In this study, we aimed to develop a conceptual framework to evaluate the trends and impact of organizational research and called it the Institutional Research Evaluation Model (IREM).	1
This article adds to the ongoing discussion by showing the effects of the different publication counting methods on the results of a national research evaluation system calculated at the level of fields.	1
Our main argument is that there are considerable theoretical and operational discrepancies between the perceived discrete units of analysis and what is actually measured when it comes to national research performance.	1
developed by a community of researchers building on existing and established methods and instruments	0
Received 25 January 2006; received in revised form 4 July 2007; accepted 30 January 2008	0
In conclusion, among full-time academic craniofacial surgeons, the H index is strongly correlated with academic rank.	1
We contribute to the literature by conducting the first systematic assessment of the effect of a major source of basic scientific research funding in China using research grant level data.	1
Bolded titles are indexed in Web of Science Core Collection and/or Scopus databases.	0
As we said earlier, while the largest groups constitute users who discuss topics related to a single area, we found many users who discuss topics related to different areas within the field.	0
We would like to thank Ludo Waltman and Ian Hutchins for their valuable feedback on an earlier version of our article.	0
This study will also help to identify development of research areas for future studies.	1
In our case this means the number of journals with IF between m and n.	0
3 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2015	0
Ultimately, I propose that while publishing is an academic imperative, it can be transformational, ethical, democratic and accommodative of all those that it impacts.	1
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
This study proposes an approach to investigating knowledge integration relationships between two research fields from a perspective of hierarchy.	1
This research has been made possible through funding from the Research Council of Norway (grant number 295817).	0
This approach helped to capture the changes in both scholarly publishing practices and the adoption of informal techniques among the scholarly community.	1
However, to our knowledge, no comprehensive corpus-based bibliometric study has been conducted in the specific WoS category sport sciences, which applies the study of science to sporting activities.	1
We also thank Tom Deleire, Joel Blit, Jeremy Goldhaber-Fiebert, Mike Hoy, Nico Lacetera, Grant Miller, David Studdert, and Doug Owens for helpful conversations.	0
Acknowledgements: We acknowledge the permission from Clarivate Analytics to publish the Web of Science (WoS) data used in this study for replication purposes and related scientific analyses.	0
Novelty of our present work lies in the attempt to extend the detection capability of paradigm shift pivots to prediction of such shifts.	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
This study attempts to detect papers originating from the Russia-based paper mill 'International Publisher' LLC.	1
Research on the perceptions of ECRs and MCRs towards the factors that make good and quality journals has been scarce.	1
As a result, we discovered that Indonesia alone has made a recent and remarkable shift towards conference proceedings publishing.	1
This study is more reliable than the previous studies, which collected the altmetric attention score and citation only once.	1
(5) Which countries are involved, and how do they collaborate?	1
I am grateful to Philip Stanley and Claire Hooper for their helpful comments on the manuscript, and to Claire Hooper for providing the photographs in Fig.	0
Based on a comprehensive historical database from 1900 to 2010, this analysis uncovers both stable and dynamic patterns of production and productivity in Germany, France, Belgium, and Luxembourg.	1
To the best of author's knowledge, no significant works have been carried out for searching correct weights of factors in TOPSIS.	1
The self cocitation Cii in C is not defined and is usually set to 0.	0
December 1, 2021, Vol 29, No 23 | American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons	0
This paper approaches serendipity differently than the authors in the brief literature review above in two respects: first, the cases are not preselected for serendipity and second, by introducing a temporal element through a narrative approach, we explore the micro-level of elements that occur within the research process, the when and how of serendipity.	1
However, in scientometrics the investigation of the scaling relationship between funding of research and impact of paper in terms of higher citations between different disciplines is hardly known.	1
The model we propose is designed to capture the spillover externality that is the common feature of these examples.	1
The application of full-text analysis to understand the relationship between linguistic characteristics and article views and downloads has not been thoroughly investigated.	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflicts of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
There are, however, no existing studies that have been published on WASET conferences in Turkey.	1
He is a Section Editor of Science and Technology Libraries (Haworth Press).	0
?p < 0.10;* p < 0.05;** p < 0.01;*** p < 0.001.	0
BC = betweenness centrality; DC = degree centrality; EFF = redundancy or efficiency-based; CONS = constrained-based; RW = random walk.	0
We sought, however, for possible sources of variation, all of which could be objectively measured, that might be somehow related to publishing time (following Biljecki 2015).	0
In comparison, we found that the annus mirabilis is less random.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 849 times since 2006*	0
First, we provide a comprehensive overview of the publication activity and thematic structure of BRICS countries in the form of integrative graphs including colored tables with inserted bar charts.	1
A bit more mutual respect in other fields might be a good antidote to the poisons that often seem to creep into relations between these mutual friends.	0
2 National Science Library, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China	0
This contribution advances performance measurement methods, specifically tailored for the complex multivariable environment of the EV sector.	1
Indeed, our investigation is exploratory in that it is the first conducted on researchers' production efficiency at the individual level.	1
The aim of this study was to perform a bibliometric evaluation of bioethics papers by authors affiliated with Ibero-American institutions, and to determine how their work influences global bioethics literature.	1
While the first two parts of this theoretical framework critically synthesized earlier research on university rankings, the latter two parts provided new cognitive perspectives on university rankings.	1
The proximity framework provides a theoretical explanation of the empirical observation that the probability of citation between two articles goes up with physical proximity (Frenken, Hardeman, & Hoekman, 2009).	1
The good news we found is that different citation frequency weighting schemes bring out different aspects of author citation impacts.	1
Our findings demonstrate that peer review generates information about the quality of applications that may not be available otherwise.	1
Koenraad Debackere is at the Department of Managerial Economics, Strategy and Innovation, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium; Bart De Moor is at the Department of Electrical Engineering, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium.	0
However, this is the first study to focus specifically on publications in the specialty of radiology.	1
(2) is obviously an Ansatz chosen merely for its simple mathematical form rather than being based on some underlying physical understanding of research production within collaborations.	0
The main conclusion is the divergence in Germany and Spain between solar energy demand/output growth, being exponential, and the growth of research papers on the subject, which is linear.	1
This study is the first of its kind in providing an in-depth perspective to the International Journal of Gastronomy and Food Science (IJGFS).	1
Although there is an abundance of articles assessing the historical roots and evolution of SM (Kenworthy and Verbeke, 2015), the evolution of collaboration, particularly authorship and co-authorship, in the SM realm has not been previously addressed.	1
Despite these limitations, this study demonstrated low levels of NIH funding for a specialty that treats an aging population with increasing musculoskeletal needs.	1
We would like to thank Damien Besancenot, Glenn Ellison and Joao Faria for their comments.	0
These findings highlight the importance of targeted interventions to address the specific needs and characteristics of different groups.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
Executive Secretaries were given information sheets to hand out to study section members and a text to read.	0
Nevertheless, identifying country variations in the combination of factors that affect citation impact have not studied at length.	1
This study adds a competitive advantage for co-authored papers, which attract a greater number of citations in the short-term – the year in which they are published - than papers that are published by a single author.	1
The text in parenthesis at the end of each factor in Table 1 indicates the abbreviated code of the corresponding factor, which is being used throughout this study.	0
Financial support of the Belgian Federal Science Policy Office (Interuniversity Attraction Poles P5/26.A) and the KU Leuven (OT/04/07A) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
Before discussing the specific journal clusters obtained, we will describe the statistical characteristics of the initial and intermediate files (see Table 1).	0
1 eMarketer is a research enterprise that specially provides data, reports and insights in a digital world.	0
Competing Interests The authors have no conflicts of interest to report.	0
In this study, we aim to bridge this gap by analyzing the peer review histories (PRH) to provide insights into the relationship between the reviewers' academic status and the language features (including the linguistic and emotional features) of their comments.	1
In this paper, a new normalised fuzzy index, (NFindex), is proposed as a fuzzy-based research impact metric.	1
*N of original group (780) less MTs into total authors (431) less MT authors.	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/article-abstract/27/4/323/5055380 by Lancaster University user on 11 April 2019	0
Our purpose here is to avoid duplicate entries for the same author.	0
ac.uk); Reny: Department of Economics, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637 (e-mail: preny@uchicago.	0
According to our review of the specialized literature, this is the first attempt to estimate this phenomenon in any cross-disciplinary field of study.	1
The article will end with a reflection about the reasons for the decline of the CLW and its impact.	0
The results of these multiple angles of analysis are combined to form a far richer picture of diversity than has been possible in the past.	0
This indicates that peer review and citation counts give largely independent determinations of highly distinguished articles—at least when peer judgment is uninfluenced by knowledge of citation counts.	1
We thank the British Ecological Society (BES), owners of the journal Functional Ecology, for permitting us to use their peer review database for this project.	0
This paper will advocate the notion that the full appraisal of processes occurring within socio-technical systems, top and foremost social cognition phenomena, requires (agent-based) modeling frameworks which jointly feature social structure and semantic characteristics; that is, socio-semantic frameworks.	1
Authors from the Mainland published the most articles, and they rapidly caught up to and exceeded authors from Hong Kong in many aspects.	1
Other data used in this study can be obtained by making reasonable requests.	0
The project was generously funded through gifts from Bloomberg Philanthropies, Blakeley Investment Corporation, the Argosy Foundation, and the Kelly Family Foundation.	0
Hundreds of journals have adopted these criteria, but controversies still exist and breaches of authorship guidelines are common.	0
2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 because the average age of articles in the PubMed Open Access collection differs between fields.	0
An operational definition is proposed of a journal's degree of national orientation based on the geographical distribution of its publishing or citing authors, and the role of international collaboration and a country's total publication output is discussed.	1
Journal-independent peer review is a relatively new concept, one that we consider the ingredient missing from the current academic publishing model, and one that is key in helping to liberate research and move towards true self-publishing.	1
Even though there are several studies that use bibliometric techniques to study various aspects of agriculture and related disciplines, with the exception of Salisbury, Bajwa, and Dillon (2007), none of the studies specifically study publications from the food science researchers from a university department.	1
We thank a reviewer for calling our attention to this literature.	0
Unlike the above-mentioned studies that only focused on the authors' characteristics in a specific field of study, the current article is the first bibliometric-based work that investigates different aspects of bibliometric attributes in a wide range of transport subfields.	1
Yet it is possible to view these instruments in an entirely different light—as giant repositories of intelligence about culture.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declared that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The above line in each cell indicates correlation coefficients with Library Print Holdings and the line below indicates that of Library Electronic Holdings	0
Therefore, this paper provides a new perspective of evaluation by using the TOPSIS model in reverse to objectively determine the weights of quantitative metrics.	1
Correspondence should be addressed to Attila Jámbor, Assistant Professor, Department of Agricultural Economics and Rural Development, Corvinus University of Budapest, F?vám tér 8., Budapest 1093, Hungary.	0
This paper fills the mentioned knowledge gap through a comprehensive and structured research-based approach.	1
Summing up, we believe that by integrating new data and adopting a novel technique there might be a leap forward in the way in which the activities and performances of universities are examined.	1
That said, we have shown in the present study just how the humble acknowledgment can provide illuminating insights into the social and normative bases of distributed collective action in contemporary science.	0
Second, to our knowledge, this is the first study, to date, to examine use of team science principles in APT documents.	1
In this regard, it seemed appropriate to introduce two indicators that characterize the impact of these innovations on the assessment of each organisation.	1
This is the first time that the complex organization (and the evolution) of HIV/AIDS research is reported.	1
Received: 25 August 2015 | Accepted: 11 November 2015 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 8 January 2016	0
Our results provide unique information and analyses on the research performance of SEA countries in the field of dementia and its associations to various country-specific socioeconomic factors.	1
Early-career journals are uniquely placed to fill this knowledge and equity gap.	1
We argue that our main contribution to SciTS is in conceptualizing DN as a distinct collaboration-related research concept and providing valid and reliable survey-based measurement for this concept.	1
Abbreviations: R = rank, Oc = author keywords occurrences, Co = author keyword co-occurrences links.	0
Thus, our data contribute to a better understanding of decision-making processes and nuances of these processes that are being employed in current practice within health research funding organisations.	1
Stored and displayed pages of results may be printed and examined at leisure.	0
The collection of patent documents from the specific technological domains is the first preparatory work.	0
In this paper, we provide a framework of emerging topic discovery methods using Infrequent Synonymous Biterm (ISB), which automatically extracts the dedicated knowledge from the infrequent patterns of synonymous biterms in a corpus (e.g., paper titles); each term in a synonymous biterm represents a collaborating supertopic, whose collaboration originates an emerging topic.	1
Here, we surveyed close to 6000 of the top cited authors in all science categories with a list of 25 research activities that we adapted from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) authorship guidelines.	1
For each paper, we also show its citation count in the parentheses.	0
Please cite this article as: Ryazanova, O., Journal of World Business (2017), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jwb.2017.09.003	0
research universities; specific data for each university can be found in Appendix A.	0
This is not the case for the subsequent ranks: Universities occupying fifth (Tomsk State Pedagogical University) and sixth (Ufa State Aviation Technical University) positions have not gained any special status.	0
The present study tries to bridge this gap by systematically analysing international research collaboration among the G-20 countries.	1
Although citation analysis of the top cited articles has been performed in multiple medical fields,5,7-10,13,14 to the best of our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric analysis to reveal the top citations from mainland China in the field of research about gastroenterology and hepatology.	1
As an original contribution to the advancement of knowledge (Johnson, 2008; O’Connor and Park, 2001), the doctoral dissertation and its field classification can shed light on the transformations of LIS.	1
Appendix 3: A Sample Journal Profit and Loss Statement: Quarterly Humanities Journal Published by a University Press, 2003	0
Finally, we propose the application of a meta-rule in the form of benefit of the doubt:	1
This concludes the proof of (13) and hence of this theorem.	0
This learning moment is also a cultural change for many authors and will undoubtedly take time.	0
We have identified the 100 most-cited articles in neuroscience to assess its driving force over time, and we have revealed that there were five major topics interlinked to one another, namely four scientific topics and one methodology.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, ????):-, 2013	0
Investigating possible sources of this inequality, we identify two potential mechanisms that act at the level of the individual that may play defining roles in the emergence of the broad productivity and impact distributions found in science.	1
It is surprising that there is practically no collaboration between the 10 most productive research centers, if we observe the first 3 collaborating research centers for each of the 10 most productive centers.	0
Note: Observations for annual rates of citations and salary vary across years.	0
In our problem, we assume that the editor has to choose between the acceptance or rejection of submitted manuscripts.	0
Yi Zhang received the dual Ph.D degrees in management science & engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology 2016 and in software engineering from University of Technology Sydney 2017.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Previous studies have analysed MIOC publications, but only qualitatively or bibliometrically, without covering the research subjects disseminated since its foundation.	1
A classic model like the one we propose here has the advantage of providing an overview of the process trends based on its mathematical structure, which leads to simple rules and arguments that the author can use.	1
The 'Double First-rate University' project is a world-class university project initiated in 2016 in China.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 102 times since 2016*	0
This paper presents a model for the individual evaluation of different facets of researchers' work and discusses the interest in using “control” parameters to identify deviations suggesting inappropriate conduct.	1
Data Availability Statement: The original contributions presented in the study are included in the article material; further inquiries can be directed to the corresponding author.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
This restriction is justified by the presumption that f(x) provides the number of papers considered valuable in output x.	0
African Journal of Science, Technology, Innovation and Development is co-published by Taylor & Francis and NISC (Pty) Ltd	0
F is a distance measure, therefore, the smaller the value the more similar are the rankings of the compared search engines.	0
Tabela 1 Distribui??o dos artigos publicados nas revistas de maior fator de impacto e melhor classifica??o Qualis.	0
In contrast, this paper used a dataset with specific details regarding authors and articles.	1
However, analysing the REF through assetisation makes it clear that the terms of epistemic capitalism go beyond knowledge production alone.	1
Measured in Internet years, data used in all these studies are old, if not ancient.	0
Our analyses establish the theoretical trade-offs between university prestige and the quality of ideas necessary for efficient circulation.	1
The top twenty-five overall subjects written about from 1994–2004 are listed in table 2.	0
Our approach also helps solve the second classical problem of attribution.	1
1a), which simply uses the overlap of two authors’ reference set (or list) to calculate their relevance strength, the innovation of EABCA is to focus on the similarities of citing behaviors between authors in multiple dimensions (Fig.	1
The bibliographic data downloaded for all articles included the authors, title, journal name, year, volume, issue, pages, abstract, and identifiers - Digital Object Identifier (DOI), PubMed Identification Number (PMID), and PEDro identification number.	0
It could well be said that they watched each other but did not work together.	0
As far as we know, this is the first study on analyzing the quantity and quality of article published in major spine journals from China during a 10-year period.	1
In order to keep our notation as light as possible, we will simply indicate j(i, t) as j whenever possible.	0
We develop a stochastic model to examine scientists’ participation patterns in conferences and compare our model with data from six conferences across various scientific fields and communities.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Liwen Vaughan is a Professor in the Faculty of Information and Media Studies at the University of Western Ontario.	0
About 5500 of them provide their full texts for indexing, this enables extraction of the citation context (in the form of snippets), a unique feature of RISC unavailable in other citation databases.	1
This study makes a theoretical contribution to broaden the idea of incorporating the academic environment into scientific evaluation.	1
Funding: This work was supported by Seventh Framework Programme, Grant Number: 291832.	0
Double trouble: opponents of cloning make their case in Berlin last week.	0
It examined how, for the assessment of societal impact, the political and academic roles for peer-review clash and the role of expertise in defining an acceptable degree of delegated authority for assessing societal impact.	1
We also derive a test of between-group differences in IRR, relying on mixed-effect models allowing group-specific variance terms of random variables.	1
The proposed method offered a practical and theoretical scientometric means of evaluating the originality of academic papers.	1
The four single key authors in bold published as the sole author and are not part of a research group.	0
College of Computing and Informatics, Drexel University, 3141 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA	0
2 Latest data available (31 December 2018), downloadable from http://cercauniversita.cineca.it/php5/docenti/cerca.php, last accessed on 18 February 2020.	0
This study presents a detailed list of the 100 most mentioned neuroimaging articles in online media, thus providing useful information on the dissemination of neuroimaging research to the general public.	1
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at University Library Utrecht on June 5, 2016	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
In conclusion, this work represents the first bibliometric assessment of research quality in melanoma related literature.	1
The dashed line indicates the average effect for all 30 journals (15%).	0
It does so by differentiating between different types of funding streams, including— besides UK funds—EU, non-EU and industry funding.	1
Although there are limitations to this study, the results contribute to the literature and provide a foundation for future research on the impact of social processes on learning.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The how is reflected in the thoughts on alternative approaches in knowledge production through expanding contexts, places, and evaluation criteria of academic research (Nowotny, Scott, and Gibbons 2001).	0
Schreiber, M., A skeptical view on the Hirsch index and its predictive power.	0
While most previous studies examined these variables in isolation, we study their relationships using Multiple Correspondence and Cluster Analysis.	1
In tables, “Cits” represents the sum of citations, “Pubs” stands for the sum of publications “Socio” stands for the total collaborators of a researcher representing the sociability.	0
Our evidence uncovers that inbound scholars, after their move, are more productive than non-mobile colleagues; however, this effect declines over time.	1
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this article are available online at http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.	0
Moreover, the model easily leads to some new, very interesting functions.	1
First, select each indicator of maximum value as reference values, denoted by x0.	0
Received 2 December 2022; Received in revised form 28 February 2023; Accepted 12 April 2023	0
6 We exclude those document types that cannot be strictly considered as true research products, such as editorial material, conference abstracts, replies to letters, etc.	0
The corresponding figures for HIC and HMIC were 0.074/100,000 and 0.004/100,000, respectively.	0
Webmetrics and altmetrics offer the opportunity for new and fast insights into the impact of science and the relationship between fields and ideas.	1
To clearly visualize the PPC, we have drawn a TP versus faculty strength plot in Figure 1.	0
We extended these prior forms of bibliometric analyses to calculate the 100 most influential contemporary social work faculty as assessed by the H-Index.	1
the evaluated in PRFSs, to better understand how the quality concepts are defined and used within research communities, following the approach suggested by the League of European Research Universities (LERU 2012) to start evaluation procedures on the shop floor to increase the validity of its outcomes (see also Ochsner 2022).	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 29 times since 2006*	0
In this essay, I propose a solution informed by the work of Imre Lakatos and his methodology of scientific research programmes (MSRP).	1
In this paper, we propose a methodology to assess the citation impact of scientific publications and their producers that intrinsically accounts for their interdisciplinarity.	1
The current paper proposes a new framework by which to confirm the lead-lag relationship between intellectual structures identified by the research grant and the research paper quantitatively.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(2):416-420, 2012	0
aIn total, 16 articles had a PlumX score of 0, because they did not have a score on Scopus at the time of this study.	0
Based on these observations, CORES is an effort, which will model this domain by conceptualizing different meaningful relationships between document similarities measuring techniques.	1
To the best knowledge of the authors, this is one of the first efforts in literature on finding the appropriate measures among such a collection of choices in the study of scientific evolution.	1
Despite the continuing and substantial attention that is paid to the concept of work motivation generally, little time or effort has been devoted to the study of motivation in the research environment.	1
There was a strong reason to believe that the predatory publishers may have several publication houses under a single roof to trap researchers from different geographic locations with a single interest (only financial gain).	1
Here, we employ three metrics: a classical metric of productivity (publications per person), an adapted metric which we denote as Revealed Scientific Advantage (developed from work used to compare publications in scientific fields among countries) to characterize disciplinary specialty, and a new metric, scientific indigeneity (defined as the ratio of publications with domestic corresponding authors) to characterize the locus of scientific activity that also serves as a partial proxy for local absorptive capacity.	1
Commemorating the tenth anniversary of the creation of AJTI and ASIALICS, it would be valuable for future development to explore the evolution of the journal over the last 10 years.	1
We identified 13 evidence-based characteristics by which predatory journals may potentially be distinguished from presumed legitimate journals.	1
Answers to these questions are not offered; the aim of this paper is to raise awareness of the problem.	0
This work proposes a different use of the Garfield Impact Factor to analyze the scientific activity of nations.	1
Received 23 February 2022; Received in revised form 28 October 2022; Accepted 28 October 2022	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2050-3806.htm	0
One industry respondent also pointed to the fact that large companies are entering the field and setting up expensive multidisciplinary research teams similar to those in academia.	0
References printed in bold type are those published within the past 5 years.	0
The ASA methodology of this paper may be distinguished from other journal assessment studies in some important respects, and the results can provide useful information and guidance to authors, promotion & tenure committees, libraries and editorial boards.	1
This article proposes seven rules for defining negative scope.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Received July 3, 2008; revised October 13, 2008; accepted October 13, 2008	0
To our knowledge, this manuscript is the first to examine the dynamics of scientific evolution using the standard empirical tools of applied microeconomics.	1
This study contributed to exploring the publishing behaviour of Arab social sciences scholars.	1
In conclusion, we present a useful statistical approach for article page views of online published articles.	1
The objective of this study is to highlight the difficulties in efficiently retrieving retraction records for Chinese universities from the RWDB, thereby providing insights into the complexities and underscoring the necessity of managing and standardizing Chinese university names in academic databases.	1
These results illustrate the concept of meta-topical brainforests in precision medicine (Figures 1-2) and may have broader implications: cross-enterprise cooperation plays an essential role in solving complex issues.	1
Babcock, oceanography, Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College; Ralph S.	0
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
What is presented here is the result of a global survey which was the last phase of Harbinger-2.	1
This paper critically evaluates four Indian national ranking agency methodologies and proposes an alternative framework for the ranking of HEIs in India to provide a less-biased playing field, simplify the process and bring rankings in line with many international agencies.	1
OK title: Relationship of killer bees to fruit set in coffee plants.	0
To our knowledge such data have not been published previously.	1
While previous studies have indicated the substantial value of interdisciplinary research, there remains a notable gap in understanding its temporal aspects during the peer review phase.	1
The datasets used and/or analysed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
To further support the earlier research findings and to gain a deeper understanding of gender differences in methodological choices from specific research design processes, gender differences in specific method usage within different research topics, using the field of library and information science (LIS) as an example, was investigated.	1
In this paper we propose a method for triangulation, using the example of water science.	1
A network diagram was constructed in order to show how the Brazilian research in information science relates to other areas.	1
This article examines a possible alternative metric source, blog posts aggregated at ResearchBlogging.org, which discuss peer-reviewed articles and provide full bibliographic references.	1
Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands	0
This article has been accepted for inclusion in a future issue of this journal.	0
Furthermore, our approach is distinctive in that none of the papers cited above has examined paper-paper citations and paper-patent citations at the same time.	1
The results draw up an academic career track of the grantees based on quantitative publication patterns and performance.	1
This mechanism was neglected by prior research in Economics, which focused on personal ties with the editor rather than group affiliation which is connected to the journal's publishing institution.	1
Median impact factor (and interquartile range), according to subject category over years.	0
Editorial standards can sometimes be gleaned from a careful reading of the comments of incoming and outgoing senior editors (Emery, 1989; Ives, 1992; King, 1985; McNurlin, 1988), but these standards do not apply universally, nor is it clear that they form a basis for actual evaluation by reviewers.	0
Here we performed a systematic performance comparison of several local similarity measurements in the context of predicting links in authors citation networks.	1
As one can clearly see from the figure, it differs from year to year how many works are referenced in the Scientific Background material, but with the tendency that in recent years more and more works are cited.	0
In particular, no peer-reviewed publications investigating international scientific collaboration in HIV and HPV research could be found in Medline, Embase, or Global Health databases.	1
Our findings hold significance not only for how CHL is conceived and practiced in China but also for the development of international health law.	1
It provides readers with access to understand the development of Baltic Journal of Road and Bridge Engineering and helps researchers learn the hot issues in this journal clearly and directly.	1
By studying implicit attitudes and experiences, this study shows that instead of being ignorant of SNS profiles, some researchers actively opt for a non-use of profiles on SNS.	1
The main strength of the study is the use of the bibliometric analysis method and visualization of data to review the entire literature on breast cancer in the field of nursing.	1
The main conclusion is that respiratory disease research is seriously under-funded.	1
In this paper, we strive to make RPYS techniques accessible to a broader audience of bibliometricians and other researchers by providing an online tool for performing two RPYS analyses interactively: (1) standard RPYS and (2) Multi-RPYS.	1
The work described in this paper is only the start in terms of studying gender bias in the chemical sciences.	1
The authors are affiliated with the surgery department at the University of Virginia.	0
The authors would like to thank the national experts involved in the JOREP data collection.	0
Dimensions is a new scholarly search database that focuses on the broader set of use cases that academics now face.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The paper provides insights into the motivations and experiences of HSS researchers embarking on the quest for relevance and the difficulties they encounter.	1
The current work extends the analysis to all STEM fields, verifying the results of our predecessors on a broader and more diversified population, and above all the questions of potential differences across fields.	1
The novel feature of the paper is to provide methods to judge the quality of the perceived publication output.	1
This leads to the home page as shown in the sample in Figure 2.	0
The nodes of the network represent peer-reviewed papers that enter the network in yearly cohorts and are fixed in place at that time.	0
The new index presented here does not suffer from insensitivity to citation transfers within the g-core.	1
The hierarchical nature of the model is identical to that in Analysis 1.	0
cUse it several times a month or several times a year.	0
The coding was not mutually exclusive, thus the overall characteristics can exceed 100%.	0
The present results revealed a strong positive association between NSI and SI, indicating that scientific experiments receiving more attention in non-scientific media such as mainstream news and/or social media are cited more in the peer-reviewed scientific literature.	1
Even though the CI have some important limitations, they still contain unique information that is relevant when conducting a bibliometric analysis.	0
I begin with a review of the existing literature regarding the focus of peer reviewers in their assessments, and the effect peer review has on the content of manuscripts.	0
ACTION stands for Awareness, Connec- tiviTy, Integration, and Networking.	1
In this research, we bring gender, race, and ethnicity together in an intersectional analysis of the social network determinants of academic productivity in academic science and engineering.	1
In both cases the group’s normalized citation impact should be the same.	0
Prognosticated and real values for |I| in fragments of classical logic (B20); (a) from 1932; (b) from 1962	0
4 suggest that the uncovered effect of early-career setback goes beyond citation measures, with near misses outperforming narrow wins in both basic and translational science.	1
However, these papers also have some shortcomings, mainly in the following aspects: Firstly, these review papers only analyzed a small number of representative research results.	1
An elaboration of this procedure in formal terms was provided by Todes-	0
This concept of rewarding the reviewer by introducing the Reviewer Index [RI], the Reviewer Index Directory [RID], and finally the Global Reviewer Index Directory [GRID] is suitable for all subject areas.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship,	0
Lastly, Section 5 concludes by discussing the results, dividing the identified researcher profiles according to the defined metrics, and proposing future directions.	0
Partitions of the space of knowledge claims: (a) in the initial state, (b) after simple search, (c) after audience-adjusted search.	0
I will have addressed those critiques in subsequent revisions, strengthening the article's evidence and arguments until the editor and referees agree that the most serious objections have been answered.	0
Our research, which selects world university rankings as the evaluation index, offers a more objective perspective compared to existing research.	1
First, approximately ten years has elapsed since these studies were conducted and so this study evaluates whether opinions are similar to what they were in the past.	1
1Insight SFI Research Centre for Data Analytics, University College, Dublin, Ireland.	0
There are not many cases have been carried out so far have analyzed the data of a large-scale regional factors influence the increase in citations of research papers.	1
Look is a doctoral student at Virginia Tech, Falls Church, Virginia, and vice president, Quantum Research Corporation, Bethesda, MD.	0
The motivations of this study, including the current situation and the research questions, are contained in the dashed boxes, while the studies of this research are enclosed in the solid line boxes.	0
Received 30 March 2021; Received in revised form 12 December 2021; Accepted 21 December 2021	0
The reference list for each citing document was reviewed to establish whether the index article had actually been cited.	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Interdisciplinarity has been studied through different approaches, such as interviews and surveys (Hargens, 1986; Palmer, 1999), organizational analysis of the higher education system, and empirical analysis of research groups (Sanz et al., 2001).	0
This study offers a new and integrated theoretical framework to examine the interplay of research areas, dependence on external knowledge and academic collaboration, and scientific productivity for Nobel laureates.	1
We also identify innovative papers that are regarded as the cornerstones in the development of COVID-19 research.	1
By analyzing the structure and evolution of HIV/AIDS knowledge we further our understanding of the nature of the biomedical knowledge discovery.	1
For example, a study from 2003 has not per se a higher quality than a study from 2002.	0
He has a PhD in archaeology from University of California, Los Angeles, teaches at Mills College, and publishes in that field.	0
As an ethnostatistical analysis would point out, assembling a database is a social enterprise and "those who collect data may be different from those who apply higher-order statistical procedures to the data” (Gephart, 1988, p.	0
The fields are listed in decreasing order of their MGCD in 2009.	0
The questionnaire was piloted in late 2002, and then advertised on a number of discussion lists including:	0
Based on the analysis of the most common keywords and the most influential studies, we propose a Sextuple Helix model.	1
Because of these potential selection problems, credible evidence on readers' responsiveness to the cost of academic articles is sparse and, indeed, nonexistent in the case of education research.	1
Our main contribution relies in the adoption of a network approach allowing to uncover the emergence of a specific pattern when the network of scientific subjects is induced from a set of papers exclusively authored by men.	1
Second, this study empirically evaluates the impact of big data experimental zone pilot construction on the level of urban sustainable development.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
This study has found a low exploitation of opportunities offered by development of institutional repositories in Nigeria in terms of number and size of contents.	1
This study deepens understanding about current changes in WoS coverage, the increase in three CEE countries in articles published in influential SSH journals, and the general increase in the use of journal articles as a means of communicating SSH research results.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Edgar Schiebel on 09 October 2018.	0
Applicability was not assessed, as it is not an inclusion criterion according to our design.	0
Despite the significant development of Post-Publication Peer Review (PPPR) in recent years, facilitated in part by platforms such as PubPeer, existing literature has not examined whether PPPR is affected by this type of bias.	1
The extreme perfectionism index based on the IC-area, called the XPI index.	1
The relationship between two individuals is given by the color and style of the edge between the nodes.	0
Table 3 SJR Journals according to number of quartile rank indicators, n=24,978	0
The criteria for classifying publications into three categories are shown in Table 2.	0
In this submission we introduce the notion of under-cited influential publications and show that these publications are like “wake-up switches” for significant follow-up research.	1
14GLD009) and the Key Program of National Science Foundation of China (No.	0
This is the first citation analysis to identify and characterize the highest impact researches on whiplash injury.	1
This quantifiable method is capable of revealing potential knowledge transfer between internationally mobile scientists and different types of co-authors.	1
Compared to most previous studies on collaboration continuity (Bu et al., 2018a, 2018b; Wang et al., 2019a, 2019b, 2020), we controlled for some important confounding variables using regression analyses in addition to descriptive statistics, which improved the reliability and robustness of the results.	1
Table 1 contains the list of the 40 universities included in this study.	0
Building on prior research about team member specialization (9, 10), we uncover the hierarchy of research roles and compare the lasting contributions of tall versus flat teams.	1
"Which future do you feel is most likely for the United States in the years ahead?"	0
In this paper, we present a bibliometric analysis of the major health issue of maternal mortality.	1
For the purposes of this article, we introduce the term 'local-issue research' to mean research related to either local, regional, or national contexts, conditions, or topics, as opposed to research that is universalistic or decontextualized.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to evaluate the evolving trend of scientific interests and prevalent scopes of practices in implantology by analyzing H-classics in four consecutive time periods.	1
Table 4 The response rates of reputation surveys of eight subjects	0
We have indeed been able to build, in the main part of our analysis, an evolutionary tree encompassing both the horizontal and vertical dimensions of knowledge diffusion and recombination processes.	1
9 If life in American universities becomes increasingly chaotic, distinguished scientists may seek the tranquility of industry or research institutes in order to work in peace.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
In this paper, I contribute to this discussion by accomplishing a few related tasks.	1
This work aims to analyse the open access editorial policies implemented by the health sciences journals of the SciELO network (411 journals at the time of this study) in terms of authors' rights, copyright issues, self-archiving policies and openness.	1
Contrary to previous work (Reinhart, 2009), we do not only analyse how the selection and funding process is influenced by attributes of the applicants themselves, but also by attributes of the team of reviewers.	1
(4) What is the geographical distribution of the research?	1
The somewhat unusual term heterodisciplinarity is used here to clearly distinguish the here defined indicator from the multitude of other *-disciplinarity variants.	1
I guarantee that anyone who starts this process will be entertained and enlightened by numerous great ideas, humor, prescient hypotheses, words of wisdom, and analyses of a number of recurrent themes.	0
In order to have a better visualization, another two outlier articles with Relative Citedness higher than 100 are not shown in Figs 2 and 3.	0
Distribution and characteristics of Malaysian domestic papers by decadal study periods.	0
This represents a significant gap in the extant literature.	1
This article identifies and ranks a list of 104 core journals for Health Economics.	1
Our study provides a technique for determining the dynamic evolution of network public opinion and a useful consultation for the government's upcoming response to network public opinion of natural disaster events.	1
This study did not entail human subjects research and thus did not require institutional review board approval.	0
The newly developed MAK approach facilitates the elimination of the weakness of traditional co-citation analysis and provides the opportunity to develop a comprehensive and precise representation of the intellectual structure of hospitality research.	1
DEMOGRAPHIC, BACKGROUND, AND POST-GRADUATE FEATURES OF CNPQ RESEARCHERS IN CLINICAL MEDICINE (N = 542)	0
We also explore the efforts that authors make to propel a rejected manuscript along the path toward publication.	1
It defends the position that the most effective way to reduce the role of citation-based journal metrics in journal and research assessment is developing indicators of the quality of journals' manuscript peer review process, based on an analysis of this process itself, as reflected in the written communication between authors, referees, and journal editors in electronic submission systems.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Although Microsoft Academic does not claim to be a citation index for books, it incorporates records for at least 60% of BKCI books from 2013 to 2016 and has extracted some citations from books in addition to citations from journal articles, preprints and other document types.	1
Thanks are also due to Thomson Reuters for providing us with access to the data.	0
We aim to contribute to the existing literature with a bibliometric analysis showing the geography of forest science in a more comprehensive and theoretically grounded way.	1
Because no specific research impact or bibliometrics service existed in the library, librarians worked as an innovative and agile team, pooling knowledge and resources to identify existing data and tools to address these questions.	1
Also, it is worth noting that this study only searched documents in Google Scholar using their DOI, and made no further efforts to find documents that were not returned by this type of search.	0
In this conceptual paper, we propose a concise new methodology to evaluate researchers' risk aversion based on citation statistics.	1
Social Science Information (SAGE, London, Newbury Park and New Delhi), 31, 2 (1992), pp.	0
Furthermore, taking advantage of the controls, we employ a difference-in-difference identification strategy intended to identify and measure the causal effect of OA—a strategy rarely used in previous studies of open access, which have approached the effect of open access in a more descriptive way, by simply comparing the OA journals with non-OA journals.	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
Therefore, the focus of this paper is to propose an MAE index system using various indicators of IRO.	1
Thomson Reuters, 1455 Research Blvd., 2nd Floor, Rockville, MD 20850, USA	0
The prospect of a potential pause of the historical evolution of knowledge apparently finds us nothing but opposed.	0
In 2015, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) created a new article-level metric called the relative citation ratio (RCR) that was designed to overcome these issues with the h-index.	1
2 The curve changes of F-mean and ROC Area running eight algorithms	0
*Critical values (that is, higher values than the critical values are statistically significant)	0
Considering that this is an important topic in the scholarly communication on Twitter, this study is devoted to fill this gap.	1
Table 4 Comparisons of Hong Kong and Singapore Universities on THE overall and indictors	0
We thank Mike Thelwall and Nikola Milosevic for their helpful comments on the draft of this article.	0
1 An overview on the study and its findings is published in ENDERS & BORNMANN, 2001.	0
The present study extends these results to databases that are particularly relevant for the social work profession (McGinn et al., 2016).	1
Acknowledgements I would like to thank anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
In this paper, a novel technique of exploring the research front is proposed to enhance the traditional co-word methods, and the case study is related to the technology foresight.	1
Note: Journals classified as belonging to multiple disciplines are assigned fractionally to these disciplines.	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2015	0
We thank Jenny Henzen and the Elsevier staff for supporting the project and providing data and Liz Anderson for implementing the experiment.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
Because a journal's decision depends on the opinion of only an editor and a few referees chosen by the editor, there is a great deal of latitude for gratuitous decisions.	0
That was the starting point for leading an econometric study to formulate a model to explain Brazilian scientific production from 1994 to 2014.	1
The results of this analysis point out the potentially delusive effect of IF increases gained through effective shrinkage of publication output.	1
It provides people with a comprehensive overview of Buildings from the past ten years using a bibliometric method and also forms a base for initiating further study in this area.	1
The same is true in cases of coauthorship: While the duration of a collaborative relationship and number of coauthored works may imply a degree of familiarity or intimacy, we can infer nothing about the actual nature of the ties that bind.	0
2 State Key Laboratory of Analytical Chemistry for Life Science, School of Electronic Science and Engineering, Nanjing University, Nanjing 210023, China	0
Since then, MIS has made progress both in terms of quality and quantity of research contribution.	0
From the review of the literature, it is clear that studies that focus specifically on scholarly publishing of research students in Nigerian universities are rare or non-existing.	1
It enriches and deepens the research on ASN utilization of corporation researchers, which is a useful supplement and improvement to the existing research objects and has a guiding role for ASNs to improve the personalized service for corporation users in different research areas.	1
Therefore, here we propose to measure resource allocation in terms of a novel “equivalent time” metric T which focuses on the allocation of human resources.	1
I argued elsewhere (Kovacs 2012) that there was a fourth form of abuse, widespread in the current system, pseudo-honorary authorship.	1
Figure 2 gives number of papers and the citation time lag.	0
The permitted length of the statement varied according to the number of staff in a UoA, from 8,000 (for a submission comprising 1–19.99 FTE) to 12,000 words (plus 800 further words per additional 20 FTE).	0
10 Namsor (https://www.namsor.com/), This tool was used in Elsevier's report The Researcher Journey Through a Gender Lens (2020).	0
This content downloaded from 128.122.230.148 on Wed, 20 Jan 2016 18:06:21 UTC	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
They were subsequently corrected by the authors as follows: b = 4, c = 3, d = 3, e = 23, f = (88%), g = 3, h = 3, i = (12%).	0
Our results may be interpreted as early indication that “the” rank of an author may also be inherently imprecise.	1
In this note the aim is to present further results concerning the stochastic model.	1
In this article, I argue for a novel way of understanding the policy implications of current studies of peer review.	1
A recent paper recorded a unique linguistic phenomenon, namely the existence of non-existent Eszett (B)-carotene (Teixeira da Silva, 2021a).	1
All the collected features were normalized to the interval [0.01, 0.99] to ensure the uniformity of the indices' value range.	0
Our work speaks to the necessity of employing long-term windows and specific fields to evaluate the effect of interdisciplinarity on the technological impact of papers.	1
In this contribution we propose a new numerical method to overview certain subfields.	1
The financial support provided by the China Scholarship Council (CSC) during a visit of Xin Li to The University of Texas at Austin (No.	0
Thus, Korea is called a world leader in computerized stock trading.	0
There are a number of purposes for which citation data could be used.	0
Alternative metrics (Altmetrics) based on mentions in online media is a new tool that can help identify articles that have the most influence on diverse public audiences.	1
These developments bear an analogy to the open-access exploitation of natural resources (Hardin 1998) and financial markets (Ségalat 2010).	1
The funder played no role in any part of the design or execution of the study or in the preparation of the manuscript.	0
By examining an empirical record spanning over 200 years of inventive activity, we have been able to identify surprising regularities in the generation of inventive novelty.	1
In later sections, we will show that c less than zero produces the desired results.	0
The “proceedings paper” genre refers to articles that have been previously presented in a conference.	0
Our study demonstrates that the h-index may be a simple and useful measure in comparing the research productivity of surgeons within plastic surgery.	1
A finance- or accounting-only study, such as Chan et al.	1
We propose the following actions (as a first input to the discussion):	1
Ralph Reimann is at the University of Vienna, Quality Assurance, 1090 Vienna, Austria.	0
Exploiting data made available by the 1996 Ontario Public Sector Salary Disclosure Act, we construct a unique panel data set containing individual salaries of tenured and tenure-track economics professors from 16 universities in Ontario between 1996 and 2006 to evaluate the relationship between academic performance and salary.	1
There was correlation between the quality of peer review performance and the relative acceptance rate of the manuscripts.	1
These results are in this sense remarkable since these impact measures are very different in definition.	1
Publication in peer-reviewed journals is integral to career success and promotion in academia.	0
Note: Some percentages do not sum to 100% due to rounding.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
After this process, the features we got are listed in Table 7.	0
A global example of combining cocitation and co-word analysis can be found in Braam, Moed, and van Raan (1991).	0
Though it is not the first work using co-citation to recommend literature, there is a key difference.	1
Before the introduction of WoS v.5 in 2009, the categories were referred to as ISI Subject Categories.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
In this paper, we provide evidence from a large scale survey on European researchers who have been mobile after their PhD.	1
Yiming Liu was the recipient of a 2021-2022 collaboration grant from the Secretary of State for Education, Ministry of Education and Vocational Training at the Department of History of Science and Documentation at the Universitat de València (Code/temp: 20566782).	0
a The Ptop 10% and Ptop 1% data were taken from the Leiden Ranking (http://www.leidenranking.com/ranking/2017/list) "Physical sciences and engineering."	0
We think that sustainability is not only related to the physical sphere of its meaning, but also to the mental state of the involved population.	1
Citation received by malaysian top 10 cited journals in the Web of Science 2006-2010.	0
We are unaware of evidence specifically linking such knowledge to decision-making among researchers.	1
Figure 1 summarizes the average of the EPV Indices over 2004 and 2005 for each country.	0
There are no prior results in the literature reporting on the correlation between the immediacy index and co-authorship.	1
The ultimate goal of the article is to propose a more transformed and democratic approach to research and publishing, for the sake of ethics, justice and fairness.	1
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work, first published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research, is properly cited.	0
We now describe the experimental set-up and discuss the results achieved.	0
The phenomenon of multiple institutional affiliations and its relationship to research output remains relatively unexplored in the literature.	1
Table 2 illustrates that the range of values of Ts is [1109.9115, 1283.2111], which is approximately 8–13 times those of τ, indicating that the time consumption of the examiners dealing with the backlog of patents is quite long (Wen 2012a, b).	0
To make this possible and easy to understand, a simple generalized Euclidean metric is proposed below, which explicitly includes ??(x) and ?w(x) as special cases.	1
Vikas Menon, Department of Psychiatry, JIPMER, Puducherry – 605 006, India.	0
A preferred approach to ranking should join social science foundations to a normative agenda to (1) improve the social science quality of rankings data, and (2) optimise the behavioural effects of rankings in relation to performance, and for the greatest possible number of institutions and national systems, not just some leading or upwardly mobile institutions.	1
However, closer examination reveals that the variability in rank across the 10 metrics is significantly larger for some journals than others; this article identifies journals for which this is most poignant and offers possible solutions.	1
This meant the processes of the publishing house for publishing science journals could be analyzed.	0
Here, we discuss the following fundamental measures of articles or research papers considered when constructing our ColNet.	0
Although the implementation details are different for each of the six entities in Table 2, the basic steps used to design and conduct these comparative experiments are:	0
While the structure of the collaboration networks among countries has been widely studied, the origin of such structure still lacks of systematic exploration.	1
In our study, we propose to compute the textual similarity between cited papers and the citing paper as textual support.	1
Using this historical data set, we provide empirical data on the evolution of the various types of collaboration since 1900 and perform the first historical analysis of the effect of these various forms of collaboration on citation rates, assessing as well the effect of self-citations.	1
Main journals of the French Geriatrics teams' publications, in descending order	0
In this article, we contribute to partly filling this knowledge gap, by focusing on the effects of the implementation of a strong RES on researchers in two History departments in Spanish universities.	1
By combining data from immunocompromised and wild-type mice with a set of mathematical models, we are able to estimate important features of within-host WNV infection, such as the basic reproductive number and the infectious virion burst size.	1
Supported in part by the Ludwig Boltzmann Foundation, Institute for Gynaecologic Oncology and Fertility Treatment.	0
Areas of research priority in India and China in 1971-1985 and 1986-2000	0
In sum, three citation models can be found here from the findings: Brazilian journalism knowledge was produced building on relatively diversified scholarships; Russian and Chinese journalism knowledge productions primarily relied on domestic scholarships; Indian and South African journalism knowledge produced largely based on the Anglosphere scholarship.	1
We are solely responsible for the content and errors in the paper.	0
The magnitude of this bias depends on the specific nature of competition in these RFAs.	0
According to the findings, Turkey is no longer leading WoS publications per year in science and technology.	1
Since the main objective of research activity is to produce scientific advancement we require an indicator that can represent such advancement.	0
Received January 1, 2020, accepted January 13, 2020, date of publication January 21, 2020, date of current version January 28, 2020.	0
However, our findings show that, although South Africa scored high in the normalized indices associated with the number of PLWH, population size and per capita income, other countries scored higher.	1
The members of the Trans-O-MIM Research Team cordially want to thank all institutions and persons who contributed to this project.	0
Descriptive statistics for our data sets are presented in Table 2.	0
For instance, past studies have examined the impact of reforms aimed at increasing institutional diversity and differentiation [1], redefinition of the state role in public management reform [2,3] and mergers of universities [4].	0
However, its main worth showed to be its ability to identify historical roots which were not yet known.	1
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
The second contribution of the study is that it takes a theory-driven approach to uncover the structural mechanism underlying journals' structural influence.	1
Taking these observations into account we will use several generations of citations into account when defining the notion of an under-cited influential publication.	1
3 For more extensive introductions to cluster analysis, see EVERITT (1981); HAIR et al.	0
Some special issues are generated from open calls for papers on a specific topic.	0
The metric serves a dual purpose: first, it provides a novel systematic approach for assessing different methodologies employed in scientific studies [57–60]; second, it may help streamlining the review process and supports reliability by helping to uncover methodological diversity and potential lack of consistencies in research documentation.	1
Network of Scientific Journals from Latin America, the Caribbean, Spain and Portugal	0
This is an important first step in understanding how research concepts shift within specific research contexts, which could in turn shed light on how science is conducted under local social and economic conditions.	1
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Jolanta Mizera-Pietraszko	0
A.K.: conceptualization, data curation, formal analysis, investigation, methodology, validation, visualization, writing—original draft, writing—review and editing.	0
This paper contributes to the lit- erature on research integration by assessing the epistemic dimension in the processes of the integration of research systems, relates this to other dimensions of research inte- gration, and considers a methodological solution for large- scale evaluation of epistemic integration.	1
Walters is Dean of Library Services and Associate Professor of Social Sciences, Menlo College, Atherton, CA; he may be contacted via e-mail at: wwalters@menlo.edu.	0
Hereinafter, number of publications and its characteristics, collaboration patterns, as well as impact of analyzed articles in world science will be discussed.	0
The virtues of the third domain intersect with intellectual and social ones.	1
It provides new insights into factors related to whether a paper is likely to involve multiple authors and whether co-authors are likely to come from different institutes.	1
National Library of Medicine (NLM) as the basis for subject classification.	1
* Corresponding author at: und University, Department of Business Administration, Box 7080, 222 07 Lund, Sweden.	0
To the best of our knowledge, no works have been carried out for studying the collaboration patterns within taekwondo, although this kind of analysis offers an overview of the social structure of the scientific community within a certain field of knowledge (LóPEZ LóPEZ, 1996).	1
This study has implications for research beyond Pakistan, since many countries are dealing with issues concerning predatory publication.	1
This study can also be useful to provide a methodology for other librarians wanting to study the characteristics of their faculty research output in any subject area	1
Investigation performed at Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush, Rush University Medical Center, Chicago, Illinois, USA	0
This fact is a novel issue as historically the reputation of an author in science has been estimated only with the quality and the number of publications [27].	1
In this study, we use a method to detect the gender gap in the group of scientifically active researchers regardless of the limitations mentioned and focused to a certain scientific field.	1
Finally, while Bretag et al.'s (2011) exemplary academic integrity policy model serves as a useful guide for policy formulation, this study proposes enhancements to this model based on recent technological advancements.	1
This study proposes a method for measuring the discriminative capacity of journals to evaluate and analyze differences in research content among academic journals.	1
We conclude that, in addition to its own interest, as an effective proxy representation of the h-index, the formula introduced may provide new insights into “factors” determining the value of the h-index, and how they interact with each other.	1
Last but not least, it broadens the scope of the citation curves to which sleeping beauties apply, especially for smooth citation curves.	1
The latest rankings confirm once again that India's research base is dominated by engineering and natural sciences.	1
To bring new ideas to this debate, here we show how journals with less biased editors are obliged to implement peer review processes with lower quality standards.	1
1 shows the frequency of occurrence of articles with zero, one, two, three citations and so on for a 5-year citation window.	0
They introduce a new vantage point on citation networks.	1
This phenomenon is found in departments of economics, and most journals in economics have Harvard-style references.	0
While other studies alluded to the concept of library link prominence being linked to research, these findings make that relationship explicit.	1
Alireza Isfandyari-Moghaddam Farshid Danesh Nadia Hadji-Azizi, (2015),"Webometrics as a method for identifying the most accredited free electronic journals: the case of medical sciences", The Electronic Library, Vol.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In this paper, we introduce two graph types, which combine both metrics in a single graph.	1
For academics, discussing and measuring impact, especially in the top-tier journals, has increasingly proven more rewarding than actually having impact.	1
Received September 4, 2014; revised December 3, 2014; accepted December 1, 2014	0
This Short Note argues that the answer is yes.	1
In our analysis, we showed that non-NIH funding agencies represented a very large and important component of the overall return on investment attributed to NREF research programs.	1
Following is a discussion of each field of research, starting with the label we have used for naming.	0
This paper proposes a framework for interdisciplinary topic identification and evolutionary analysis based on BERTopic to bridge the gap.	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
With consensus rank limits, the hard upper and lower bounds for reasonable author ranks that they provide suggest that author citation ranks may be subject to something like an uncertainty principle.	1
Using social network analysis and content analysis, Lundgren's work investigates through whom, for whom, and under what conditions learning occurs.	0
The omitted category is one year prior to the star’s arrival.	0
Author = 1 (if a single-author publication), = 0 (if not).	0
In this paper, we have proposed an enriched definition of the Europeanisation of research, considering that it should be assessed along the major functions of the research systems and along various types of relationships among member states.	1
This study was an early attempt to overview predatory publishing research.	1
Yes, this is true, and it was also reflected by the statistical analyses performed by Koza and others (Koza et al., 2023).	0
In all sixteen groups, we find behavior that we label as strategic anticipation (drawing on Müller 2014, see also Franssen and De Rijcke 2019).	1
Our findings, however, do provide an illustration of a special phenomenon, and hence to a new element in the post hoc classification of scientific publications as mentioned in the introduction.	1
This study aims to propose a methodology for exploring promising research frontiers in the energy sector.	1
NOTE: This table shows the correlations between each pair of variables in the analysis.	0
The phylomemy reconstruction process brings insights for the global coordination between research teams toward the creation of an observatory of the evolution of international clinical trials.	1
2102 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—October 2009	0
He describes himself as a generalist and contributes collection management and archival services to various institutions with theological collections, both locally and internationally.	0
This is the largest and most extensive analysis of the neurosurgical literature and citation patterns to date.	1
The characteristics of a national institutional complex may explain a portion of the variance that is not explained by size.	0
The following case study aims to examine empirically the potentials of the theory of the handicap principle as a framework for understanding and explaining scholarly behaviour exemplified by the act of book reviewing.	0
This research dominance, according to Ajala, will be even greater when many publishing companies start to develop their web sites, and when more African researchers have more access to scholarly literature through information technology by linking to the Internet to augment resources in African libraries.	0
Keywords Scholarly journals · e-Journals · ScienceDirect · Value · Academic libraries · Downloads · Citations · Impact · Articles · Publication · Research outcomes · h-Index · France · Bibliometry	0
This study is one of the few studies, if not the only one, with multiple analyses of interdisciplinary relations between the four subjects of NBIC (nanotechnology, biotechnology, information technology, and cognitive science).	1
First, this study firstly adds the implementation effect of big data polices to the empirical research on urban sustainable development.	1
This highlights the need to consider specialty-specific benchmarks when considering surgeons for academic promotion.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/) which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
This study sought to identify retraction notices in two “open” databases, focused mainly on Latin America and the Caribbean.	1
This study provides the first-ever longitudinal review of the state of the art in merchandising research, taking a holistic perspective of this field of knowledge spanning a 60-year period.	1
The numbers of patents in drug industry and their annual backward citations from 2006 between 1986 and 2006 are shown as in Fig.	0
From the Division of Infectious Diseases, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27710, where reprint requests should be addressed to Dr.	0
Publisher’s Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Published by: Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Institute of Biological Sciences	0
This is the first time, to the best of our knowledge, that the total production of scholars in SSH, in a large country (Italy) covering a long period (one decade) and with a fine-grained disciplinary background, has been elaborated for purposes of indirect comparative analysis across disciplines.	1
The approach proposed jointly applying scientometric and sociological methods may be a useful starting point for developing a broader, more comprehensive, and theoretical study of the FP.	1
*Paper presented at the Fourth International Conference on Bibliometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics in Berlin (Germany), September 11-15, 1993.	0
However, although the macro patterns of scientific interdisciplinarity across research fields are fairly well understood (Tijssen 1992; van Leeuwen and Tijssen 2000; Porter and Rafols 2009), we know very little about the micro-level behavior of the individual researchers generating these macro-level patterns.	1
For anonymity purposes, the number of editorial team members and the number of submissions are given as ranges rather than specific numbers.	0
* In 1986 there were 501 publications in Chinese corresponding to 15% of the total.	0
Currently, the mainstream form of evaluation of academic research trusts the process	0
This approach significantly expands shipping network analysis theory and enriches the research content.	1
As we will see, looking at citations and cited sources reveals an interesting citation structure: JASSS collected the largest percentage of its citations from non-social science journals, while directing more citations within its own articles toward works published in social science journals.	1
This article analyzed the most cited articles in the field of ankle arthroscopy published in the last 30 years.	1
Academic influence of publication sources on VCG based on number of documents.	0
This paper's primary contribution to the literature is that it identifies those factors that impact accounting academics' research productivity in Anglophone Sub-Sahara-African universities, an area neglected in prior research.	1
Thus, the results provide initial evidence of the impact of different proximity dimensions in SAARC region, which can be studied further in a dedicated and systematic manner through an appropriate experimental design.	1
This underscores the limitations of peer review as a means of assessing grant applications in an era when typical success rates are often as low as about 10%.	1
In contrast to previous work, our network analysis is able to consider both interdisciplinary and international variation in gender-based differences in scientific collaboration.	1
It takes a closer look at the factors that in the eyes of the first authors have helped make this research possible.	0
However, some SBs, such as SB1, SB2, SB3, and SB4, do not appear to have been awoken by a prince.	1
1 Alliance Manchester Business School, The University of Manchester, Booth Street East, Manchester M13 9SS, UK	0
Academic Center for Computing and Media Studies, Kyoto University, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan	0
In this article we review the Mantel-Haenszel statistics, point out two errors in the literature, and introduce a new indicator.	1
Respective values are given in Table 3 and indicated in Fig.	0
A third contribution of the paper is to provide indicators of the extent to which research collaboration factors are linked together or co-occur.	1
Preto, University of S?o Paulo, in Ribeir?o Preto; UFSP(EMP), Federal University S?o Paulo/ S?o Paulo School of Medicine, in S?o Paulo.	0
In this study, we used research on the physical modeling of Earth's climate and the prediction of global warming as an example to demonstrate the usefulness of our new RPYS approach.	1
This exploratory work sheds light on important functional information char- acteristics of the system of research collaboration by examining large-scale topological structures of co-authorship networks, created through the affiliative ties of scholarly arti- cles published by collaborating researchers in peer-reviewed journals and conference proceedings.	1
The HCP indicator was derived in order for us to obtain an objective indicator of publications quality of individual researchers.	1
Benefiting from Italian structural advantages concerning input metadata availability, we have operationalized the measurement of a proxy of productivity unparalleled worldwide.	1
Our findings further contribute to the literature studying the evolution of academic research in finance.	1
Data and methods used are then described, followed by a characterization of the two maps.	0
Received 5 March 2021; Received in revised form 2 February 2022; Accepted 5 February 2022	0
Taking the h index's approach and molding it to fit the case of Mendeley, a new indicator which shall be called hmen index, as in h index for Mendeley, emerges:	1
This study builds upon Bj?rk's research to analyze the LIS literature and answer the following research questions: How can the attention to barriers to gold open access be explored using LIS literature; How does this discussion compare to Bj?rk's results; How has the focus on these barriers to open access among the authors of the LIS community changed over time?	1
Overall, our work represents a step forward towards a quantitative characterization of the complex interconnection between science and technology in the knowledge creation and innovation process.	1
But since the relative rankings appear not to have changed much since the earlier analyses cited above, which were mainly done in the 1970s, I use only the updated values of prestige, concentration, and citation frequency as explanatory variables in the regressions.	0
Relative percentage of gross expenditure on research and development (GERD) share of dif- ferent sectors of STI in India, 2018–19.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
DISPEA (Department of Production Systems and Business Economics), Politecnico di Torino,	0
The authors alone are responsible for the content and writing of the paper.	0
By construction, P(L = 1) = P(s = 1) and this quantity represent the percentage of one-hit wonders i.e., of actors whose career started and ended, according to IMDb, in the same year.	0
2012), we include Law as a Humanities discipline, although this differs from the classification in the Frascati manual and the CERCS.	0
We aimed to add new elements to diagnoses of peer-review systems used in the allocation of grants for research.	1
We entered information regarding each fund's guidelines and criteria into a Google Form (see Appendix B).	0
This study provides an in-depth overview of the IJGFS using bibliometric analysis tools.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1355 times since 2006*	0
As noted above, our interview-based paper seeks to redress gaps in the literature on research collaboration problems and journal-level and other resolution techniques through a systematic study of how scholars themselves seek to deal with these problems.	1
(2019) in a fair way, we replaced SciBERT in MTCIC with Glove word embedding, and found the macro F1 of MTCIC with Glove still 0.93% higher on ACL-ARC and 0.44% higher on Scicite than Structural-Scaffold (Cohan et al., 2019).	1
However, whether citing more Hard Sciences brings more citations to HSS remains to be investigated.	1
Acknowledgements For the completion of this manuscript, we first all have to thank all the people at Erasmus University Rotterdam that were willing to reflect with us on the intricacies of impact.	0
*It is worth to note that Groznyi State University was completely destroyed and during the war in 1994–1995 and is still in ruins.	0
We believe that the observation that many undergraduates already know and believe they can apply their understanding of many of the core RCR concepts prior to participating in research ethics training is important information for faculty teaching undergraduate research ethics courses and workshops as it means that undergraduate students are bringing some prior knowledge of RCR subject matter to the table which should enable deeper conversations concerning these issues than perhaps many instructors are currently undertaking.	1
4 If this seems low, it is because Web of Science is a lagging citation indicator and the data were collected in 2017.	0
Mikael Laakso, Department of Management and Organisation, Hanken School of Economics, 00100 Helsinki, Finland.	0
The research ethics committee of Larestan University of Medical Sciences certified the survey study.	0
To address RQ1, we develop a statistical counting and visualization framework for identifying time-dependent knowledge clusters comprised of individual MeSH.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Anaesthesia 2011 The Association of Anaesthetists of Great Britain and Ireland	0
A problem peer reviews share with other research evaluation systems built on indicators and bibliometrics.	0
Our study's significance lies in its examination of one of the most important network topological characteristics, namely, the GC and its efficacy in trapping productive authors.	1
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
It is hoped that the discussion and recommendations provided in this paper will serve to advance the conversation about university library responses – both actual and potential – to the phenomenon of predatory practices and the need for scholarly publishing literacy in scholarly communication.	1
GDP: Percentage of World's GDP in current US$ in 2008, IMF (2009).	0
If we genuinely want to know what the future of scholarly communications holds, instead of listening to vested interest groups, such as publishers and scholarly platform holders, we need to check with the new generation of researchers early career researchers (ECRs), who are going to be tomorrow's leading professors, influencers, and decision makers.	1
Part 2 demonstrates the importance of such disclosure.	1
Different from the standard application of the Louvain method, whose input is a citation-based network, we apply the Louvain method on a semantic similarity network where each node is an article and there is an edge between two articles if they are highly similar/related.	1
In the present study, given the above critical concerns, the authors investigate the determinants other than the scientific merit of the candidates, that might have affected the selection procedures, and attempt to interpret the ‘non-merit’ factors that may have been involved.	1
This is the newest bibliometric study that provides detailed information about published literature on the Al in Oncology.	1
KEYWORDS academic libraries, China, bibliometric services, research evaluation, research support service, scholarly output assessment, web content analysis, case study	0
In this work, we highlight a novel approach that evaluates and analyzes the cohesion of research groups while considering the time factors related to the analyzed publications.	1
This study extends the work of Brogaard et al.	1
Our study also highlights the pivotal role journal publications play in China's higher education system, as evidenced by previous investigations into reward and promotion systems.	1
Figure 6: Hierarchical clustering results based on the document-topic distribution matrix	0
While these studies reported that GS could find 38%-94% of all citations found by any source, depending on the discipline(s) of study and the sample analysed, the current study finds values that are higher and more consistent across subject areas.	1
With this framework, two main contributions are provided.	1
Our hope is that the 2-year successful timeline presented here, which is the shortest in the literature, will enable departments to successfully procure hospital funding and/ or medical college resources that would not have been allocated with a proposal based on the longer timelines in the current literature.	1
Besides traditional measures such as node degree, clustering coefficient, or largest component size, this study introduces additional measures to gauge the effect of IBD: misidentification rate (Milojevi?, 2013) and top k-node comparison (Borgatti et al., 2006; Diesner & Carley, 2009; Frantz et al., 2009).	1
In the background, the altmetrics provides a new perspective on the measurement of impact of books.	1
In the following section I first describe the methodology and the data.	0
Received: 29 January 2022 / Accepted: 14 August 2022 / Published online: 30 August 2022	0
Unlike previous works, here we focused our analysis on a single mega journal, PLoS One, which is dominated by biomedical research papers.	1
As these analyses were exploratory and data-dependent, the observations we made in these analyses should be interpreted primarily as motivation for future work and not as support for statistically significant conclusions.	0
Unfortunately, this is not possible for economists because they give article publication the utmost importance.	0
One of the specificities of our approach is the fact that we worked at the sentence level of the text.	1
12 Bulletin of the American Society for Information Science and Technology-August/September 2002	0
*Periodicals not included in the Scopus and Web of Science DBs.	0
In an effort to help researchers and their minders stay up-to-date with the reporting of peer-reviewed publications, we created the Academic Tracker software package.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 331053 []	0
However, this study is one of the first that directly links the publication return from public research investment.	1
It was decided in May 1984 to cease further co-word work on these topics and concentrate on the ruminants study.	0
Dr von Elm is now with the Department of Social and Preventive Medicine, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland; and Mrs Poglia is now with the Department of Psychiatry, Geneva University Hospitals, Geneva, Switzerland.	0
Evolution of the education policy information transmission network by time period	0
This article uses a combination of existing methods for the dual tasks of identifying new research issues and assessing their likely longevity.	1
Moreover, no prior study has systematically assessed whether qualitative research is as impactful as other types within academia.	1
This research work was funded by Institutional Fund Projects under grant no.	0
Although transformations of the data were used for statistical analysis, results are presented in the original units of measurements.	0
In addition, no study has been conducted to assess the patterns and impact of intra-regional and inter-regional research collaboration on West African research output.	1
Secondly, a proposal was made to provide an index to classify universities according to their transfer, and in particular the publications cited in patents.	1
We searched each record via Google Scholar and matched institutional affiliations to the best of our ability in cases where multiple authors had the same last name and first initial(s).	0
There are various reasons why research groups collaborate but they usually boil down to that the teams complement one another in methodological expertise and experience.	0
We propose that this metric identifies countries in “astronomical development" with a culture of research publishing.	1
In addition to reporting quantitative results, this study includes information about the way people who can potentially perform activities related with open science see various aspects of open science.	1
Hence, the concepts of interest community and of discourse community are introduced into the structuralist framework making use of the notion of intended application.	1
This yielded a sample of unique public Web sites, the population of interest for the analysis in this study.	0
Rather, users would be have available a tool allowing them to create a personalised ranking tuned to their own personal preferences and objectives in the different areas of interest (dimensions).	1
We believe it is time to assess how far retractions or, more broadly, the activity of correcting the research record, may be associated with science indicators, such as research productivity.	1
Reveals that the British Dental Journal had the first rank, followed by Journal of Dental Research and Journal of Craniofacial Surgery.	1
The authors have created a new software tool, called STICCI.eu (Software Tool for Improving and Converting Citation Indices – enhancing uniformity), which is freely available online, to solve these problems in an effective and simple manner.	1
A new data source providing the citation links of book publications, the Book Citation Index (BKCI), was recently released.	1
However contradictory it may sound, nations and research organisations have to collaborate in order to be competitive.	0
The information about the evolution of I(π) as a function of π (available on request) as well as the aim of facilitating the comparison with the fractional case justifies the same choice as before: [πm, πM] = [661, 978].	0
The world map of the worldwide research productivity in 2005 to 2014.	0
Our analysis reveals that the reasons for this apparent contradiction relate to the "type" of publication activities characteristic of different researchers.	1
This PR is between 8 and 9 citations in Table 4.	0
He holds a PhD from the University of Georgia in Management Information Systems.	0
TA number of articles, PG page count, PG/TA the average page count per article, NR cited reference count, NR/TA the average cited reference count per article, AU number of authors, AU/TA the average authors per article, TA/J the average number of articles published per journal	0
This study proposes a new technique for identifying emerging topics from a broad citation database and then uses that technique to nominate a list of 70 topics from recent years as emergent.	1
Notes: * = Only countries that published 2000 or more papers during the 11-year period.	0
Key Words: urology, universities, economics, National Institutes of Health (U.S.), research	0
Furthermore it suggests that Google Trends is a promising new data source for webometrics research.	1
As a pioneering scientific publisher, Elsevier proposed a novel component of RA websites known as Highlights in an attempt to improve the ability to display and retrieve RAs.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The full terms of this licence may be seen at: http://creativecommons.org/licences/by/4.0/ legalcode.	0
Keywords: Supercapacitor; Double layer capacitor; Electrochemical capacitors; Bibliometric analysis; Citation analysis	0
Barrio Minton, Department of Counseling and Higher Education, University of North Texas.	0
In the present study, we set out to explore researchers' trust in grant peer review and to compare that with their trust in other types of evaluations of their research.	1
Taking the case of information science academics, this study seeks to bridge this knowledge gap by not only analysing the number of publications the lecturers produce but also how and where they have been published.	1
Therefore, we proposed to do a larger multicentre study with a primary objective to estimate the prevalence of those with poor knowledge regarding plagiarism and explore the predictors of knowledge and attitudes towards plagiarism in UG medical students of India, thereby providing us an opportunity to recommend national level policy changes in UG medical education.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Finding the best combination of parameters for prediction for the field of Computer Science validated on the basis of goodness of fit metric, R2 (current h-index, average citations per paper, number of coauthors, years since publishing first article, number of publications, number of impact factor publications, and number of publications in distinct journal).	1
In this Article, we have presented a new toolkit of methodological innovations, such as the use of communities, the associated plots and the aggregated indicators.	1
We thank our anonymous reviewer for bringing this important analysis to our attention.	0
For too long, the measurement of scientific contribution has centered on the publication.	0
3 Articles per one million inhabitants of the 20 countries with more articles on Onychophora	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Eight common categories for broader impact including an example for each impact (Roberts 2009)	0
SNA technique provides a good balance between robustness and flexibility that allow fot the analysis of different educational networks at various levels.	1
The other authors have no disclosures that they consider relevant to this manuscript.	0
Here I develop some arguments in favor of the latter approach as far as the analysis of new media's citation impact is concerned.	1
This work was supported by the company ESPOSSIBLE in processing the analyzed data.	0
This section aims to fill this gap by developing a hypothesis that the league tables of university rankings can be understood as cognitive artifacts that provide specific affordances to prospective students that many of them use to outsource part of their decision-making to the ranking results.	1
In the current paper we will be comparing a novel combination of methods to the techniques outlined in this section.	1
To address this issue, we developed the fol-lower-leading clustering algorithm (FLCA), which can be used as a tool to clarify the clustering process in coword analysis and provide a better understanding of ACs and keywords in biblio-metrics.	1
An alternate view has been suggested, focusing on the purpose and integrity of papers from one data set rather than a specific number.	1
This is a severe limitation since recent publications are often of considerable interest, and thus there are numerous situations where citation data is not yet available for intervals including several half-lives, i.	0
Correspondence to: Bo Yang, Room 614, 33# Beisihuan Xilu, Zhongguancun, Beijing, 100190, P.	0
The author produced this work as part of his official government duties.	0
This study provides new avenues for research in this area by introducing TMLE, a powerful statistical technique which allows multiple models to be tested simultaneously for pinpointing the effect of every relevant parameter on the target variable.	1
3 Network of Social Sciences journals citing philosophy of science journals (1980–2018)	0
Based on the assumption that decomposing .com would produce a more accurate description of the international hyperlink network, Barnett, Chung, and Park (2011) investigated adjusting hyperlink networks using information from Alexa.com regarding the percentage of international Internet users for the most frequently visited gTLDs.	1
That question has a long tradition in the economics of science.	0
The present article has characterized PLOS ONE by article topic and has proposed dividing the journal into fictitious category-based collections in order to study the repercussion and ranking of each JCR category.	1
Presented at the 14th annual Academic Surgical Congress, Houston, TX, February 2019.	0
The present study describes the basic methodological principles and the results of URAP-TR, the first national ranking system for Turkish universities.	1
Acknowledgements This study was financed in part by the Coordena??o de Aperfei?oamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior—Brasil (CAPES)—Finance Code 001.	0
This paper investigated the development and characteristics of international comparative higher education research on the basis of international journal data by combining a bibliometric approach with a quantitative content analysis on the basis of a coding of countries.	1
5 A recent study has reported that “scholars can regard DBLP data as highly accurate in disambiguating author names." Kim (2018).	0
The findings also provide insights for splitting the total effect of the mobilization into two parts, the access effect, and the learning effect.	1
We focused our analysis on providing quantitative insight on active strategies that researchers can use to increase early citations and thus the influence of their work; however, we acknowledge the importance of certain biases (e.g., race and gender; Gibbs 1995, Lortie et al. 2007, Beaudry and Larivière 2016, Bendels et al. 2018) and their influence on citation rates.	1
First, it extends the literature on innovation and knowledge exchange communities (Faraj and Johnson, 2011; Faraj et al., 2011).	1
Online faculty profiles and academic CVs were among the resources used to determine this information.	0
This paper advocates for and demonstrates the adaptation of existing Bibliometric indices including h-index, g-index and M-index exploiting both views and comments and proposes three indices hvc, gvc and mvc for YouTube video channel ranking.	1
This paper introduces a novel scientometrics method and applies it to estimate the subject coverages of many of the popular English-focused bibliographic databases in academia.	1
Table I describes the URLs of the above mentioned software packages.	0
We thank Sta?a Milojevi?, Jisung Yoon, Sadamori Kojaku, Byungkyu Lee, Bruce Weinberg, Paula Stephan, Santiago Schnell, Tao Zhou, Junming Huang, Jian Gao, Yi Bu, Qianming Zhang, Brian Uzzi, Hyejin Youn, and Nima Dehmamy for helpful discussion and comments.	0
This study is one of the first in the journal-ranking literature to provide significant implications by introducing a new ranking approach and a new hybrid metric.	1
The study was funded by the Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities B200207036.	0
Compared with other studies of quotation accuracy in science and medical journals, this study finds a relatively low percentage of cases providing clear support (see table 3).	1
A method for the madness: An international survey of health professions education authors' journal choice 165	0
Our conclusions are then presented in “Conclusions” section to close the paper.	0
One surprising result is the 5.8 percent of citations by Medicine to Physics articles published in 1995, especially given that Medicine did not cite Physics articles at all in the other years.	0
The sum of the co-operations attributed to different sectors is larger than the number of	0
This pre-print is made available with the understanding that it will not be reproduced or stored in a retrieval system without the permission of Emerald Publishing Limited.	0
The 6228 publications were downloaded on 2 March 2018 in the form of a tab separator format.	0
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Professor Daryl Chubin pointed out an important error in an earlier version.	0
Source: Document review of LIFE center strategic plans, annual reports, various years.	0
This improved upon other alert-based solutions previously proposed for tackling academic misconduct [6, 21].	1
This paper proposes a new framework, MutualRank, for a less-biased ranking of scientific publications.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
Dashed lines are regressions of the mean and maximum author numbers from 1973 to 2018	0
This paper studies the impact of winning a tournament on the productivity and effort choices of tournament participants in the post-tournament period.	1
Bibliometric studies on research diversification have appeared only very recently.	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The main purpose of this work was to present a systematic and comprehensive analysis on patent-to-paper citations.	1
This study provides several contributions to the team science literature by applying the concept of teamwork processes to team coaching and subsequently examining the role of teamwork coaching in the RD process.	1
On the other hand, such individual analyses would not have affected the results of the study.	0
This can serve as a starter to increase medical knowledge and expertise in the research field.	0
We recently addressed this limitation by conducting a high-quality delineation of physical therapy14 based on keywords, journals, and citation analysis in Web of Science, 16 but validation using an independent data set is required.	1
Figure 1 shows the distribution of authors against the total contribution.	0
This Marxian-informed analysis of the economic foundations of CPBF has an important bearing on political terms.	1
Article in African Journal of Library, Archives and Information Science · May 2016	0
Our analysis shows that team members' academic disciplines and the types of analysis methods that interdisciplinary teams apply play a crucial role in the success of the team in publishing articles that include two-way linkages.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
In this paper, we introduce a framework we call citational lensing that takes advantage of the strong relationship between citations and textual similarity to identify countries that receive more (or fewer) citations than one would expect if citations and textual similarity were perfectly aligned.	1
In this paper, by constructing the dynamic co-word network, we quantitatively study the evolutionary characteristics of CUR's KS and analyze the correlations between all kinds of network measures.	1
This article proposes an indicator called the "follow-score" that identifies which authors are the most resourceful to "follow" in terms of referencing patterns within a given body of literature.	1
Our findings reveal that Ukraine's A&H publications have higher visibility than some Asian countries with similar population sizes.	1
As I was doing this, I realized the importance of good and meaningful titles that preview the article for the reader.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
This approach provides an alternative numerical description of journal response at any point in time.	0
This study introduces a so-called key-node path search to uncover the coverage of MPs.	1
These functions provide a richer understanding of the role of non-mainstream journals in a global environment that demands policy support of more relevant and responsible research (Bortagaray and Ordó?ez-Matamoros, 2012).	1
This paper describes how a longitudinal SMA was undertaken to identify this emerging field of research, its structure, its conceptual evolution over time, and the future research directions.	1
We added information to the data fields collected by MGF on present rank and we also coded for gender.	1
More recently, Haley (2019a) proposed an extension to the scholar-specific Euclidean Index, which values not only the citation counts of an article but also the visibility of the journal within which the article was published.	1
This form of open debate about a topic that may potentially affect many academics is an excellent initiative by Scientometrics, and widens the possibilities of holding journal-based discussion forums rather than in informal journal clubs or blogs.	1
In the present study, we conceive CERN as a case that has been implementing a novel publication policy.	1
This case study aims to demonstrate the utility of Ph.D.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(8):1664–1670, 2009	0
Received 13 October 2024; Received in revised form 10 November 2024; Accepted 12 November 2024	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1420 times since 2010*	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
We conclude by pointing out limitations and possible variations of the study presented here.	0
In conclusion, is there anything else we haven’t discussed that you wish we had?	0
The graphical description of the data is shown in Figures 1 and 2.	0
As an attempt to support human analysts, we present topic space trajectories, a structure that allows for the comprehensible tracking of research topics.	1
It also collates this information in one location and furnishes evidence that examining only one metric in isolation is not enough to fully understand a journal's contribution or worth to an academic field.	1
In the Water Resources category of the Web of Science, a thorough investigation of the reliability of this metric is lacking.	1
This study is, to the best of our knowledge, the first to measure the presence of explicit bias in abstract review controlling for both the reviewer and the research that was evaluated.	1
One needed to be added to the y variable since it had some values of zero.	0
This is the first rigorous investigation to show how an online cross-publisher distribution channel (TrendMD) can be used to increase scholarly article Mendeley saves, pageviews, and, Altmetric scores.	1
1 Relationship between the variable CJIF+1 and the number of articles used to compute the JIF.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The number of pencils handed out was tracked and used to determine the number of unique participants; attendees were told to keep their pencil and any unused sticky notes, and all were eager to do so.	0
The present paper is an attempt to assess the qualitative and quantitative research output of genetics research based on the distribution of publications in different sub-specialities of genetics.	1
We employ a combination of state-of-the-art language modelling techniques to gain a fine-grained representation of the research topics on climate change, considering abstracts of 193,471 publications from 1990 to 2020.	1
Tables 1 and 2 show the top ten high-frequency keywords and the strongest citation bursts keywords of seafood cold chain logistics.	0
I think I know about 90% of the people that work here, although a lot of new researchers joined us lately.	0
I have benefited from the comments of participants at a University of Saskatchewan workshop, and two anonymous referees, although the normal caveat applies.	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This eventually led to a new visual map that logically connected associations between organisational aims, roles, and mandates; access to information; the level of visibility/ accessibility/connectedness; and how the aforementioned determined a successful collaboration (‘moving stones’).	1
This study empirically explored the presence of CSSCI-indexed journals on the WeChat platform.	1
If the series itself is stationary, we represent it by I (0).	0
In fact, Planck is disadvantaged in his h index, because his accomplishments are concentrated in relatively few papers, in contrast to today's publication practice, and were highly cited by the standards of the time.	0
The general reader might well prefer to skip this section and move directly to the second part, which seeks to illustrate the general properties of the model and the development over time of an author’s citation distribution via graphical representations.	0
Since Microsoft Academic is free, allows automatic data collection, and has coverage that tends to be higher than Scopus (and therefore WoS), especially for recent articles, and reflects the same type of scholarly impact, it is recommended for scientometric purposes where analysts do not have access to Scopus and document type information is not needed.	1
MAATrica offers a new way to analyze and categorize text, focusing on the consistency of research documents in the life sciences, particularly in the fields of medicinal and nutraceutical chemistry.	1
We introduced a new topology-driven method that incorporates various network analyses including co-word network, clique percolation, weak component, pathfinding-based analysis of therapeutic groups, and detection of important drug interaction within a clique.	1
We propose a second-act model that can accurately describe the citation dynamics of second-act articles.	1
We design a novel randomized controlled trial to test if reviewers exhibit anchoring.	1
Given the instability of the web record, it is worth noting when I collected the data from Google Scholar.	0
Address correspondence to Carol Tenopir, The University of Tennessee, Information Sciences, 423 Communications and University Extension Building, 1345 Circle Park, Knoxville, TN 37996-0341, USA.	0
However, there is widespread concern that the current health care climate is leading to a decline in research activity.	0
The correlation results vary depending on the type of journal: broader or specific journals.	0
The import of these documents was merged with the researcher' analysis and interpretation to ensure a more nuanced analysis.	0
The sections below include a brief introduction of OA citation studies followed by a discussion about the possible impact of multiple OA availability on citation rate and a presentation of the results of our statistical analysis.	0
Second, and in contrast to previous research findings, it has shown that under specific circumstances, the more established and research-intensive universities nationally are not necessarily more immune to PBRF-associated isomorphic pressures.	1
A replication audit involves assembling a replication team of trusted researchers to evaluate the reproducibility and robustness of a random subset of publications from the journal.	1
The authors gratefully acknowledge the extensive computer programming and data-analytic contributions of Robert Heav- ens, James Owen, and Lorraine Gambino.	0
As far as we know the present article is the first published use of the database for time series citation analysis on a large scale.	1
We find enough evidence that gender imbalance in scientific authorships brings a peculiar trait to the networks of subjects.	1
To give a clear picture of the methodology, the following is the schematic representation of it.	0
First, it enhances understanding of how the aspiration for status shapes academics' attitudes to ranking systems, leading individuals either to be indifferent to them or to choose to give up significant potential influence on their peers to obtain high-status affiliations.	1
While such extrapolations are common in corpus studies, any temptation to generalize to the entire population should only be done with extreme caution.	0
These findings are in line with our results, which showed the large role of PhD first authors who may benefit from greater resources for research and more funded time.	1
It is a good sign that psychological research during a time of crisis, when answers to many societal questions were direly needed, did not lower its standards even though the review system might have favoured speed over accuracy during this time.	1
was a member of the Research Evaluation Council when the ranking analysed in this study was created.	0
2 Department of Business and Economics, University of Southern Denmark, 6400 S?nderborg, Denmark	0
In this paper, this idea was tested in a case study of the Italian sociology community.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
This low of 8 was closely followed by 10 manuscripts presented at the second seminar held in 1970.	0
PPPR: A SOLUTION TO ENHANCE QUALITY CONTROL IN SCIENCE PUBLISHING	1
This offers institutions and other research stakeholders institution-specific indicators which can be used to evaluate the translation of research into health practice.	1
SNA is a tool that can help educational management to support collaboration decisions based on evidence.	1
c is plotted for several disciplines spanning all main areas of science.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/11221503	0
The present study sets out a research methodology that demonstrates how bibliometrics and interview data can provide a useful mixed methodological and analytical approach for the study of international collaboration in science.	1
In this paper, I argue that the formal and informal understanding of the social impact of the social sciences relies on integrated juxtapositional conceptions of research utilization to justify public value of research in various contexts.	1
As an actionable implication of our discussion, we offer the following modest proposal.	1
1Assistance Publique-Hopitaux de Paris, Paris, France, 2University Paris-Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, Paris, France, 3Abelia Science, Saint Georges sur Baulche, France	0
To achieve this goal, we have developed new models and techniques for research collaboration network by leveraging readily available network analysis methods, results, and tools.	1
It will use a new type of citation analysis that leverages the strengths of altmetrics, in looking for evidence of government information use beyond traditional citations and references.	1
As examples, we provide three retrieved reference items of the above-mentioned article by Struys et al.21:	0
Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Association for Information Science and Technology.	0
The attempt to go beyond the estimates and assessments of academic productivity in addition to the scientific qualification creates the possibility for a new evaluation of multidimensional productivity.	1
This is the first study of its kind to analyse the most influential articles in hypospadiology, and their characteristics of peer-reviewed authorship, content and impact factor.	1
The scientometric analysis of Paul Hagenmüller's body of work enabled us to reveal the richness and diversity of his contributions to the development of solid-state chemistry.	1
This purposive sample only aims to demonstrate that the prevailing significance of gender differences has also recently been challenged in various approaches (and by no means considered a comprehensive review).	0
We show how a fear of 'fake' journals is cultivated amongst African academics, with journal citation indexes being used to adjudicate the credibility of African journals and publishers.	1
Environment and Planning B: Planning and Design 2007, volume 34, pages 808-825	0
By covering 251 fine-grained subject areas and selecting universities for inclusion based on their fine-grained area performance, GRBS is able to shed light on variation in a single institution as well as to highlight excellence within universities that may not be considered world class overall.	1
This research sought to understand the impact of the REF mandate upon researchers and repository staff, and upon their relationship with the university, through a series of semi-structured interviews with researchers and repository managers.	1
Our findings suggest that organizations in the field of precision medicine could greatly benefit from institutional-level team science.	1
The Full Sample refers to the sample employed in the next section.	0
As explained earlier, our analysis adopts the forward citation approach, which is yet to be used by previous studies on science linkages.	1
Our review goes beyond past conversations on methodological cutoff practices (Lance et al., 2006) to consider how researchers interpret, follow, and cite methodological best prac- tice recommendations broadly.	1
This research note discusses the constitution, reproduction and generalization of peripheralization into what I call a regime of management of irrelevance in science: a scientific process with its own pragmatic and value content, whose elements will be presented in this work.	1
The challenges found in the collaborations are related to needs such as improving transparency, ethical concerns, and imbalances in reciprocity.	1
We expand our earlier work on a subset of the region of interest [1, 5] and consider the entire Arab world.	1
In this section, we discuss the new measures proposed in [1, 5], which consider the new and deleted collaborators and the stability rate for each author.	1
Doc number of documents per type of collaboration, Auth average number of authors in each set of documents, Org average number of organisations in each set of documents, Art number of articles per type of collaboration, AvgCites average cites per article, %No cites percentage of articles without citations, AvgIF average impact factor of articles, %Q1 percentage of articles in the first quartile	0
Tubitak’s research subsidy formulation is transparent and available from their website.	0
KEYWORDS / Academic Evaluation / Citation Statistics / Peer Review / Sistema Nacional de Investigadores / SNI /	0
It also contributes to bibliometrics studies for describing characteristics of scientific production not yet identified by the other usual indicators.	1
In “Cumulative frequencies in percentages as an optimized percentile approach” section, we offer an optimized PR approach that maintains most of the advantages of percentile measures while overcoming or minimizing their most serious weaknesses.	1
In general, newly developed indicators including CPPyear, SNI, CPPSNI, and software Gephi 0.9.1 were employed to obtain accurate, rich, and fresh information of collaboration characteristics of Web of Science category of NST.	1
Received: 29 October 2021 / Accepted: 25 February 2022 / Published online: 18 April 2022	0
Let's be honest: We are in a rush to publish our papers.	0
We thank the participating institutes in this benchmark study for their support and open exchange of data.	0
In addition, they both worked with the campus education librarian and a professor in math education to deliver a seminar to masters and doctoral students in the School of Education on visibility for emerging scholars.	0
BROOME, PHD, RN, FAAN, § AND MOLLY DOUGHERTY, PHD, RN, FAAN||	0
Este es un artículo de acceso abierto distribuido bajo los términos de la licencia de uso y distribución Creative Commons Reconocimiento 4.0 Internacional (CC BY 4.0).	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interests with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Washington in the collection and review of data and Linda Cornett for typing and editorial assistance in preparation of the manuscript.	0
The work was supported by the Russian Science Foundation grant 14-14-00660.	0
Despite the obvious importance of linguistics research, available literature has shown that much has not been done in studying the type of sources linguistics researchers use.	1
Our methodology can be used to discover publication strategies in other areas and geographical regions.	1
It was accentuated that the study contributed to the body of knowledge on scholarly publishing instruction by the academic library to doctoral candidates because most previous studies recorded in the literature focused mostly on the faculty and not on research students particularly.	1
Using the concept of competitiveness, the authors established a principal component analysis (PCA) model to examine disciplinary competitiveness in stomatology of various higher education institutions worldwide.	1
The study shows how to use data science techniques to map the dynamics of research within a practical domain that connects technology and practice.	1
AAMC, Association of American Medical Colleges; ABA, American Board of Anesthesiology; ACGME, Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education; APSA, American Physician Scientist Association; ARMA, Academy of Research Mentors in Anesthesiology; ASA, American Society of Anesthesiologists; AUA, Association of University Anesthesiologists; FAER, Foundation of Anesthesia Education and Research; IACUC, Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee; IARS, International Anesthesia Research Society; IMRA, IARS Mentored Research Award; IRB, institutional review board; MOSAIC, Maximizing Opportunities for Scientific and Academic Independent Careers; MRTG, Mentored Research Training Grant; MSARF, Medical Student Anesthesia Research Fellowship; NIH, National Institutes of Health; REG, Research in Education Grant; SAAAPM, Society of Academic Associations of Anesthesiology and Perioperative Medicine; SAER, Society for Anesthesia Education and Research; URM, Underrepresented Minority.	0
He is currently an Associate Professor at the Central University of Technology in South Africa, where he mentors fellow colleagues in the scholarship of teaching and learning.	0
It is also the first large scale model of any literature that is based on both citation links and the textual relatedness of documents and is thus among the most accurate characterizations of the literature ever created.	1
Please note that the journal volume classes are defined similarly to that in Table 3.	0
This paper aims to put forward the bearing of acknowledgements in the humanities to bring to the foreground contributions and interactions that, otherwise, would remain invisible through traditional indicators of research performance.	1
The last section is a concluding section with suggestions for further research.	0
Tapasree Basu and Ajoy Mallik have contributed equally to this work.	0
We have made no attempt at geographical diversity, representativeness of institutions in various geographical regions appears to defy a variety of types of institutions that are cleared to be by most to be predominantly undergraduate.	0
However, although the relative changes might be proportional, the absolute increases evidence a pattern of growing cumulative advantage that favor the highest-funded institutions and private institutions.	1
Significantly different from 0 in a two-tailed test at *10%, **5%, ***1%.	0
This does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
We express our gratitude to two anonymous referees for their comments, which have enabled us to considerably improve our work.	0
The framework is unified, adaptable to any type of information, and scalable, with the potential for further enhancements using technologies from GSP.	1
Keywords: university rankings; academic libraries; United States; webometric techniques; spending indicators	0
An additional contribution of the current paper is to examine the structure of the ATC scale using a novel statistical technique (Exploratory Structural Equation Modeling; ESEM) that is a marked improvement over other methods given its ability to model complex data structures.	1
Table 1 Name variations and number of papers linked to a department from the University of Granada	0
Considering these studies together, however, they provide only inconclusive evidence regarding the acceptance of random grant allocation in the scientific field.	1
The Pearson values in Tables 4 and 6 are included as descriptive statistics.	0
Two pieces of software were needed for this study: one was required to identify and collate the bibliographic data and the other was required to complete clustering analysis.	0
In this article, we analyze geographical diversity in the main academic journals of the discipline, providing a detailed look at articles written in collaboration between researchers from developed and developing countries.	1
It is also interesting to extend the bibliographic coupling analysis method to patent literature and discuss patent bibliometrics methods.	1
Our theoretical model shows how to construct such a system of rewards, and the algebraic example proves that this is feasible and intuitively convincing.	1
This study adds to the previous research through a focus on IRs at RPUs and reports on observed patterns in choice of platform, operation style, and hosted content.	1
Data Availability Statement: The initial data for this research can be obtained from X.Z.	0
SZ conceptualized, designed the methodology, and implemented the study, and did the analysis and write-up.	0
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.intell.2024.101878.	0
Highlighted authors have published less than 10 papers in the previous five-year periods; anumber of papers published in the respective period; bnumber of authors publishing in the respective period	0
We proceed along this line in a project in which we further explore possibilities to study knowledge transfer between disciplines by analysing cross-disciplinary citations in research literature.	0
Historical bibliometric is an effective method to analyse the development of knowledge in health research and could be a new service in health libraries.	1
The next three questions deal with the impact of collaboration and citation indicators.	0
It confirmed that substantial quantitative and qualitative benefit has accrued from the relatively modest seed grants awarded, and serves as a baseline for future comparison.	1
I understand (Ian McAllister, personal communication) that the cutting rule used was that of conventional rounding.	0
Studying this specific innovation allows us to shed new light on the forces that drive the diffusion of innovation in financial research and the establishment of new academic norms.	1
Despite the relevance of the issue and the number of academic publications, initiatives, and reports on WSHE, no systematic analysis has yet to be carried out of the large body of research in this area.	1
Performing a literature search of the field from 2010 onwards identifies the trajectory of SLNI as a rapidly expanding field with increasing clinical importance for the role it plays in cancer diagnosis and staging.	1
Thus, if scientists are denied access to high-quality scientific content, they are hindered from producing high-quality content themselves.	0
Furthermore, we used comprehensive statistical methodology to evaluate potential associations of characteristics of the articles and the number of citations.	1
Percentage Increase in Undergraduates Associated with 100% Increase in Another Product or Characteristic of an American Doctoral University	0
This does not alter our adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
As revealed in Figure 2, the average citations in Figure 4a are biased toward the paper types with older papers, while the average downloads in Figure 4b are biased toward the paper types with younger papers.	0
To avoid this kind of problem, we propose a biclustering-based approach with the aim of identifying homogeneous groups of universities sharing similar characteristics and attitude towards a specific set of indicators.	1
The current study contributes to this debate by providing a potential mechanism for dealing with the effect of honorary and unwarranted authorship, at least in terms of its effect on publication and citation counts: namely, emphasize first author publications more.	1
Refer to Abramo (2018) for a thorough discussion about the definition and bibliometric measurement of impact.	0
Model details and additional data are available electronically at the pages of journal website: http:// //www.shd.org.rs/JSCS/, or from the corresponding author on request.	0
The paper proposes technical and methodological innovations, including improvements in the methods and original characteristics analyzed.	1
The key takeaway here is that the process had been re-imagined from start to finish using internet-era principles – every part ruthlessly re-evaluated in the users' interest and to reduce cost.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Our work helps to shed some light on how the academic prestige of ranked institutions is captured by the GRAS rankings and helps reconciling 'qualitative' and 'quantitative' ranking approaches by providing a method that combines publication metrics and reputation in a quantitative fashion.	1
IF: impact factor according to the Web of Science platform, 2018	0
Bibliometrics Department, University of Vienna Library and Archive Services, Universit?tsring 1, Vienna A-1010, Austria.	0
Supplementary materials associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:10.1016/j.jebo.2024.04.001.	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Top five producers, their total number of received citations (excluding self citations), and their top ten consumers	0
TN van Leeuwen and L J van der Wurff are at the Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS), Leiden University, Wassenaarseweg 52, PO Box 9555, 2300 RB Leiden, The Neth- erlands.	0
First, we have displayed a striking uniformity in aims and purposes of the funding programs under study, and this we have explained by the use of the concept of institutional isomorphism from neoinstitutional theory.	1
We also aim to contribute to comprehending second-level governance effects, e.g.	1
Second, the inner workings of CIShell are described on an abstract level.	0
This is the significant innovation and improvement in our research.	1
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
Here we propose a new bibliometrically-evidenced tool for publishers to launch new journals.	1
Studies that measure the preferential attachment and author fitness in consecutive periods of two scholarly temporal networks at the same time is lacking in the literature.	1
Competing interests: PG and PC are Associate editor and Editor-in-Chief of Indian Pediatrics, respectively.	0
Ying-Han Chang: Conceptualization, Methodology, Data curation, Formal analysis, Writing - original draft.	0
We are not aware of any systematic research focusing on explainable content-based citation prediction.	1
It means that publications without any metrics were left out of the analysis.	0
A proper, measurable definition of critical mass in the research context has only emerged in the last five years [1, 2, 3].	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Our contribution fills this gap by showing a tendency towards fewer external peer reviews that may originate from the information asymmetry about the editor's type.	1
This paper presents a database-tool infrastructure that applies a divide-and-conquer approach to support big Sci2 studies.	1
Despite so little research, there is still no evidence to suggest that scholarly publishers / university presses are not interested in Twitter.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
We show that the most often currently used indices of bibliometric impact, like Hirsch's h, Woeginger's w, Egghe's g, Kosmulski's MAXPROD, and similar constructions, may be obtained by means of our framework.	1
3 University of Split, Split University Hospital Center, Department of Clinical Epidemiology, Split, Croatia	0
Table 1 Number of articles and publication shares by authorship type in every scientific field, and percentage distribution of all articles published in 1998-2002 by scientific field.	0
percent = number of records in relation to total number of publications	0
Many EU member countries have high share of internationally co-authored papers.	0
We are therefore estimating that at least two individuals had seen the manuscript for this journal, since two names appeared in the correspondence we received.	0
We are not aware of any study that goes beyond reporting current attitudes to explicitly extrapolating them into the future in a data-based manner.	1
This gap is attempted to be filled in this work by expanding Liu–Lu integrated approach to a generalized approach for weighted citation networks.	1
This research will aid in understanding biases and promoting fairness in peer review from the perspective of reviewers.	1
In addition to recording these responses, we also analyze them by comparing the responses of the “top” faculty to those of all other researchers we survey by aggregating the top 25 % of respondents according to the number of articles they published over the 2000–2009 period.	0
The total is more than 100% as some journals are classified in more than one category.	0
Received Mar 31, 2015, and in revised form Jul 20, 2015.	0
Interestingly, our analysis also revealed some examples that defied the overall somber picture of R01 success trends.	1
The emphasis of the high impact papers is on the literature review – setting the context that the problem sits within – and the discussion – exploring the theoretical and practical implications of the research and how it makes a novel contribution to the existing knowledge base.	1
aThis table includes articles 1–20; see Supplementary Table 1 for articles 21–100.	0
As previously noted, social capital's root in social networks and social relations could interfere in its measurement; thus it must be also measured relative to each of those (Lin, 1999).	0
Downloaded by University of Pittsburgh At 03:31 13 February 2016 (PT)	0
The searches conducted in national and international citation databases and a review of foreign and domestic literature indicated that no similar research was observed in the topic area of Iranian publications on COVID-19 in LitCovid.	1
After the introduction, Section 2 briefly reports the role of special issues and reasons for studying TP.	0
The relation states that beyond a threshold of ten references, there is an average of 2.2 references per 1000- word page.	0
Our study aims to enrich our understanding of retraction in science.	1
The records of the journals that have changed their name during the analyzed period have been unified under the most recent name of the journal, such as "Mathematical Geology" which changed, in 2008, its name to "Mathematical Geosciences."	0
The present study sets out to use full-text analysis to assess the extent of the phenomenon of text recycling in Russian-language publications.	1
Other parts of the paper are organized as follows: "Background" section contains back-ground and related mathematical algebra for the proposed method.	0
Keywords: china; science; technology; governance; policy; invisible college; history of science.	0
Received February 13, 2015; revised September 24, 2015; accepted September 24, 2015	0
Then the value for complete-h will be calculated as shown in Table 8.	0
In accordance with this principle, we introduce a popularity index of a publication is the sum of its local citation indices:	1
To address this issue, this study used data from both mail and online surveys administered to a stratified random sample of tenured and tenure-track faculty members (N = 613) in the social, natural, and applied sciences at America's top 100 research universities.	1
We address a more fundamental question: Is there a linear hierarchy within journals?	1
Acknowledgements This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (12005064).	0
We hope this problem can be fixed in the near future.	0
Six manuscripts in 2020 were under second round of peer review as of 15 December 2020).	0
The author would like to thank two anonymous reviewers and the editor who provided helpful comments on drafts of this manuscript.	0
The literature on self-citation has been evolving in the last few years.	0
To offer a picture of the dynamic process of knowledge production, the long-dashed lines indicate connections that appear in the next time period, and dotted lines represent connections that existed in the prior time period, but are no longer present.	0
In examining the effects of scientific and technological collaboration, we contribute to existing related studies.	1
Second, according to empirical data and knowledge visualization, its intellectual structure and evolution may be identified objectively, rather than some subjective intervention or prior working (Liu et al.	1
Therefore, an evaluation of the overall performance of the first round of high-level university construction in Jiangsu is not only valuable for Jiangsu Province to summarize its experience and carry out subsequent construction, but also sets a benchmark for the construction of high-level universities in China, and further contributes to the advancement of international higher education.	1
In this article, we propose a breakthrough identification method using citation curves to analyse ERTs.	1
Think of scholarly journals as distributions of widely varying papers, and describe them as such.	1
The research presents an innovative approach and complements previous studies by identifying common factors specific to behavioural theories, travel modes, or travel characteristics through the analysis of empirical data, thus offering new insights into the antecedents of sustainable behaviour among young Romanians in the context of train travel.	1
The analysis has sought to provide a comprehensive picture of the multidimensional nature of originality with overlapping dimensions such as novelty, significance and relevance.	1
The assumptions, methodology, and findings of this study present in themselves an important challenge if the dynamical inquiry is expected to inform and expand global exploration of team science's potential.	1
For 1 journal (2 cases) JCR omitted to list total citations data.	0
Acknowledgements I thank the reviewers for their constructive insights and suggestions.	0
First, I find that ratings tap a unidimensional, underlying trait of university quality.	1
2020 Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
The data that support the findings of this study are available on request from the corresponding author.	0
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
The question arises as to which documents should be included in the calculation of a journal’s IF.	0
With this paper we propose a framework for evaluating the evaluation measures themselves.	1
This paper has presented the assessment of Central European journals covered in the Web of Science database and JCR focusing on social science disciplines.	1
This study contributes to a better understanding of how well various properties of authors predict the future citation of conference papers in computer science and information science.	1
Research patterns were extracted from centrality and density analysis as they provide valuable insights into the relationships, significance, and developmental progress of the themes in the research collection that can be used for strategic planning and policymaking.	1
Also, the instructional design impact of a given article cannot be measured in this manner: although the instructional designer could be using the information from a study in practice, this would not necessarily result in a citation of the article.	0
Thus this paper presents a new measurement to identify and predict interdisciplinary topics.	1
It is hoped that the findings of this study can advance our understandings of the reasons, motivations, and consequences of publishing in PPJs and inform efforts to raise awareness and curb predatory publishing.	1
I have mentioned only a few of the people and projects that I knew at the time and that influenced my work.	0
Finally, a basic benchmarking model for university ethical performance is presented.	1
On the 150th anniversary of the Journal, we performed this study to identify the top-cited papers from the Journal and to see how characteristics of these publications changed over time.	1
Our study showed that COVID-19 pandemic influenced the citation frequency of publications and that a 3.8-fold increase in citations in 2021 for the documents published in 2020 as compared with JIF 2020 was observed in the top 197 journals with a higher number of COVID-19 publications.	1
The method is characterized by its ability to reflect user intention in the search results by considering the category attended by the user and the degree of attention.	1
The difference between the total frequencies of collaboration types and publication types is due to the way in which SciVal counts collaboration types.	0
The present study is an attempt to minimize the gap by developing a mechanism for measuring scientific value of Indian journals.	1
The reasons for matching the initial letters of last names will become clear later.	0
The author also thanks Robert Teghtsoonian for his criticisms of the manuscript and for suggesting the analysis of citation rate.	0
Keywords: open peer review, open science, scholarly communication, open identities, open reports	0
The study of this vector will be the main topic of this article.	0
Our finding that research expenditure in each country is correlated with the mean IF of articles published in that country expands on the work of Svider et al [20].	1
Table 1 List of journals analyzed in the study and the period	0
It also provides an extension to the case of heterogeneous populations and a self-contained explanation of the method and its properties.	1
From the perspective of the geometric MNCS, its more precise estimation of the average citation impact of collections of articles from multiple fields and/or years has allowed a fine grained examination of patterns in the results, with conclusions that are probably more robust than could have been made with previous indicators.	1
Note that 1.1 million papers have multiple PACS numbers, hence they may belong to multiple subfields.	0
We are also grateful to the two anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
Sukhwan Jung: Conceived and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
A single outlier (with 642 authors) published in 2020 was removed.	0
Quantification of savings in journal space for this cause seemed to be subjective and was not considered in the analysis earlier.	0
No previous research on retraction notices has investigated accountable entities other than authors of retracted publications and their reasons for retraction from a cross-disciplinary and a diachronic perspective.	1
The recognition of equal credit of first (83%) and senior (56%) authors is generally accepted in top radiology journals.	1
The methodological advancements in this study for evaluating academic influence are demonstrated through the “distance” metric.	1
This research design serves to overcome the typical difficulties of isolating status effects while controlling for quality.	1
Motivated by its outstanding performance, this paper seeks to develop a comprehensive overview of research activities in ESWA since its inception in 1990.	1
It also consists of the exchange of data to facilitate the financing and payment aspects of the business transactions.	0
More generally, our study offers a model for considering individual-level impacts of teamwork among other groups of workers, outside of people who have earned PhDs in STEM fields, in which there exists some discretion with respect to engaging in teamwork.	1
In the following, we present the findings of our study alongside the three research questions.	0
All authors have read and approved the submitted version of the manuscript.	0
Comparison of the h-index sequence, EM-index sequence and EM'-index sequence of all scholars.	0
The clustering used a constant comparison approach, repeatedly comparing the use contexts of apparently similar terms by reading matching titles, abstracts and keywords and conducting word association tests on the terms, comparing the results, to decide whether they should be clustered.	0
Abbreviations: APC, article processing charge; NA, not applicable; OA, open access; SJR, Scientific Journal Ranking.	0
3-6, we present snapshots for a sequence of 5 year periods representing the topic overlap networks as described above.	0
Table 3 Major scientific research areas of Africa in contemporary Africa, 2011–2015	0
Again, this distinction is not a distinction in kind, but rather two ends on a continuum, such that any given scientific research activity can be characterized by more or less epistemic (in)dependence among the participants in the activity (See Fig.	0
A few pertinent thought pieces on the state of the monograph in academia are worth mentioning here.	0
Furthermore, the content analysis of titles and abstracts of the publications allowed detection of the most important terms used for description of Chornobyl-related problems.	1
Our paper fits within this latter category, contributing to existing works by identifying and describing a process for retrieving and analyzing Wayback Machine website information for quantitative social science research.	1
What our research shows is that data visualisation can provide a quick way for researchers to assess the specific areas that are most likely to be published in the journal.	1
From the concept symbol perspective, the study of a co-citation network focuses on interpreting the nature of a cluster of cited documents and the interrelationships between the clusters (10).	0
This represents the first time that such differences have been systematically explored from a large-scale bibliometric perspective (using the Polish Science Observatory database maintained by the authors).	1
1 shows for each journal the JIF punctual estimation and the 95% CI.	0
It is one of the criteria for evaluating the novelty of a periodical and an important index to reflect the life span of the periodical sample.	0
The author wishes to thank Leif Hansen and Thomas Basb?ll, both at Copenhagen Business School, for valuable comments.	0
This co-citation analysis is the first to focus exclusively on radiology articles on COVID-19.	1
To our knowledge, although bibliometric methods have been applied in many research fields, including TCAM [15], no detailed bibliometric analysis has been performed on the topic of TCAM for stroke.	1
For further discussion of this measure see [5, 6, 24, 32, 58].	0
(Colors are visible in the online version of the article; http://dx.doi.org/10.3233/ISU-130707.)	0
The performance of Indian higher educational institutions (HEIs) in the US News 2022–23 Best Global Universities Rankings and Subject Rankings shows that engineering and natural sciences constitute most of the country's research base.	1
Destaca que, con la aplicación de la minería de textos, no sólo se extraen tendencias en investigación sobre el departamento del Chocó en los documentos indexados en Scopus, sino que además se están aportando a la bibliotecología y a la documentación técnicas que permiten identificar conceptos, lugares geográficos, nombres, etcétera, los cuales se usan en la literatura científica y se pueden utilizar en la organización de la información para representar la literatura existente en un campo del conocimiento, y de esta manera facilitar la recuperación de la misma.	1
The impact of the shift is not possible to determine, but the reported numbers of institutional faculty reported by ARL may include both tenured/tenure-track and non-tenure-track faculty.	0
In this paper we provide an alternative to this practice as we combine data on performance with data on careers and mobility.	1
= United States; OR CI = 95% odds ratio confidence interval.	0
The authors would like to thank all of the researchers and database providers who provided support for this study.	0
Here, on the other hand, we aimed at looking in detail at the conflict between different options that scientists could take to solve an individual trade-off problem, i.e., how much resources they should allocate to multiple tasks under scarcity constraints.	1
Our findings serve as an alarm for the international medical education community regarding the appointment of faculties, as well as a call-to-action for a re-examination of FAP policy for Taiwan's higher-education institutions.	1
*** Significant at 0.1 %, ** significant at 1 %, * significant at 5 %	0
From the Pakistani perspective, there are no studies that have exposed the challenges in adopting OA publishing by HEC-recognized journals; describing a statistically significant relationship between “Readiness for OA” and “Perceived challenges in adopting OA publishing"; identifying statistically significant differences based on the academic disciplines of the journals regarding readiness for OA; determining statistically significant differences based on category (W, X and Y) of the journals regarding readiness for OA; and exploring statistically significant differences based on the OA journals and non-OA journals regarding readiness for OA.	1
In this regard this study is to our knowledge the first to offer a size measure to EbscoHost and ProQuest.	1
Second, several studies have pointed out that the implementation of tenure reform in China was selective and was mainly adopted by China's elite universities (Li et al.	1
It provides a closer look at article seeking, reading, and use patterns among US academics in 2012.	1
Please keep this in mind when using the ADS Citation lists.	0
MOHAMMAD REZA DAVARPANAH received a PhD in Library and Information Science from Panjab University, India, in 2000.	0
By default, the greater the number of items in proximity to a point, and the greater their weights, the closer the color of the point will be to red.	0
Lastly, an attempt is made to determine the future of the IRs.	1
No one can deny that certain programs are perceived to be on the rise and others in decline.	0
*Denotes the correlations which are not significant at the 1% level.	0
This paper aims to develop a network metric-based framework to reveal the endogenous processes of knowledge development for structurally directing future knowledge development.	1
This paper utilized a bibliometric analysis technique to present a lifetime overview of the development characteristics and contribution details of TR-Part B in the past 40 years.	1
Moreover, as one of the first studies in this field, this work provides an inclusive evaluation of the results, limitations, and suggestions for future research.	1
The various productivity measures used as dependent variable are based on the papers published between three years before graduation and the year of graduation.	0
Percentage of Board Members Who Published in One or More of the Thirty LIS Journals, 2007–12; Mean and Median Numbers of Articles Published in the Thirty Journals by Board Members (Both Authors and Non-Authors)	0
(6) Which journals have the highest number of published papers on this topic?	1
The results of our study contribute to the relatively new and expanding academic literature on bibliometrics and suggest that the h-index calculator in the Scopus database has higher inter-rater reliability compared to WoS.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
The change in five-year chase-slopes for single-author papers is illustrated in Fig.	0
The documented underrepresentation of low- to middle-income nations in ophthalmology journals highlights the importance of promoting diversity and inclusion.	1
Our plagiarism framework provides an approach to classify the extent of plagiarism.	1
Table 1 gives a quick overview over all our suggestions and how they improve transparency, accountability, and equality.	0
where pk denotes the probability P(X = k) for k = 0,1,2,...; Γ(.) denotes the gamma function (see e.g., [ABRAMOWITZ & STEGUN, 1964]) and α, β and y are parameters so that the distribution has a sense.	0
1 Department of Computer, Control and Management Engineering "Antonio Ruberti" (DIAG), Sapienza University of Rome, Rome, Italy	0
In this work, we develop a method that employs information visualization technology, and examine its applicability for the assessment of researchers' RPI.	1
The resulting correlation coefficients as a function of α are shown in Fig.	0
We focused on the trends and scientific impact about the relative contributions of mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.	0
I contend here that nontrivial social costs are emerging from the perverse focus of many presidents, deans, hiring committees, and researchers on quantity-based output metrics.	1
the end result would not be a single league table aggregating indicators using predefined weights).	1
Our study provides evidence that the majority of the most influential UK health scientists do not receive funding from the country's three main public and charity funders.	1
We suspect that a study focussed narrowly on one of the two key general science journals may shed some new light on the issue.	1
Therefore, this type of research can bring benefits to the understanding of altmetrics in a broad sense.	1
In contrast, bootstrap MNCS (Mean Normalised Citation Score) confidence intervals can be very unsafe, although their accuracy increases with sample sizes.	1
Access provided at 26 Oct 2019 05:45 GMT with no institutional affiliation	0
We aimed to assess the distribution of applications and quantify the academic returns of NIAA-supported research grants, as this has hitherto not been analysed.	1
Density map of authors in Europe having published Nature or Science articles in 2009 (searched in Web of Science).	0
However, VIF values revealed that there was a multicollinearity problem between the independent variables and their interaction terms with the web.	0
Editorship of academic journals presents an interesting case for the analysis of scientific leadership.	1
Our study contributes to several strands of literature.	1
Section 6 provides a discussion of the results, while Section 7 collects the insights obtained through this analysis.	0
Therefore, to address this gap, a bibliometric analysis of research related to COVID-19 in the subject area of social sciences was performed on selected publications from January 2020 to mid-2021.	1
Our present analysis in this regard helps to identify some impact issues for research policy in India.	1
Helpful comments from two anonymous reviewers and the Editor, Nick Lee, are gratefully acknowledged.	0
The results of this scientometric study on genomics present a comprehensive overview of the research growth and trends within the field.	1
The basic idea of the derivative analysis of citation curves is that upwards and downwards trends in citation rates can be identified from successive citation-derivatives of the same sign (ignoring those that are nearly zero), whereas successive zero derivatives indicate a period in which the citation rate remained unchanged.	1
Sáez Gómez JM et al.—EFFICIENT BIBLIOGRAPHIC SEARCHES ON ALLERGY USING ISI DATABASES	0
The exclusion of Chinese language journals results in a share of the global number of publications which is several percentage points lower than that initially found for 2006.	0
In this study, we constructed a burst detection model to effectively and stably detect the knowledge bursts generated by patent families during the knowledge diffusion process and calculate the burst intensity of different knowledge burst intervals.	1
Additionally, a distinctive feature absent in prior studies within the realms of medical and dental research is the integration of a combined conventional-modern approach in bibliometric analysis, incorporating the crucial aspect of LOE factors.	1
It is not clear from prior analyses whether beneficial effects of K awards extend beyond success in attaining a first R01 equivalent award (R01 Eq.) or research project grant (RPG).	1
As the related research has referred to multiple scientific research disciplines but has not addressed forestry, in this study, we take journals in the forestry area from 2008 to 2017 as the basic research object.	1
To our knowledge, the association between OA publication and research impact has not been thoroughly studied in total knee arthroplasty (TKA), one of the most commonly performed and researched orthopaedic procedures in the world [10].	1
Section 2 briefly discusses the evaluation methods, and introduces the six normalization procedures to be evaluated.	0
The 20 most often occurring keywords in the context of smoking and lung cancer.	0
Department of Anaesthesiology, Kobe University School of Medicine, Kobe 650, Japan	0
Data Availability Data is available upon request from the first author.	0
Our study, however, is not a direct application of the branching process model, but uses it as a guiding framework for analyzing various factors within the system.	1
Department of Cardiology, Cerrahpa?a Faculty of Medicine, ?stanbul University, ?stanbul, Turkey	0
Table 2 reports summary statistics for movers and unmoved scientists, suggesting that movers are more productive and elder than their static peers.	0
This study used not only regression analysis but, more importantly, causal inference to investigate whether OA increased the uptake of research by policy (as measured by the citations that research received in policy documents).	1
Our methodology may aid department leaders by using the information from local analyses to identify opportunities to support faculty members to broaden and diversify their networks.	1
Not without irony, we would like to conclude by introducing a new jargon ourselves: the 'Wittgensteinian shortfall'.	1
The Y-index provides another appropriate choice and could be adapted for the evaluation of authors, institutions and countries in a wider range of different subject areas.	1
The coder reviewed all reference information twice to confirm the accuracy of each reference.	0
The abovementioned paper comes closest to our research in terms of its aims, goals, and approach.	1
To integrate BTD into the framework of traditional co-word analysis, association rule mining between keywords and burst terms (ARM-KB) is introduced to enhance traditional co-word analysis and present a new facet of the research front for a field of science.	1
Continuing from their preceding work, these same authors now further elaborate their methodology, and apply it for the purposes of analysing the scientific special-ization of Italian regions and provinces.	1
This content analysis included 6787 articles from general rheumatology journals.	1
Our paper seeks to add to the literature on institutionalisation processes and its emphasis on understanding and conceptualising institutional changes in universities, but in a context where such change may have strong internal champions.	1
Received 25 April 2023, accepted 15 May 2023, date of publication 25 May 2023, date of current version 6 June 2023.	0
We introduce neighborhood centrality, a novel centrality measure, to estimate a discussant's ability to diffuse knowledge about a paper.	1
This study provides a conceptual representation of the progress of DRM research and it has been noted that research in this field has disciplinary and multidisciplinary focuses (combining two or more fields) in which new knowledge is gained through interaction and integration between different disciplines with new tools and techniques.	1
To avoid this failure, we propose and exemplify new time-dependent indices hT, gT, kT, hT, kT and hTkT.	1
Some of these terms do imply specific goals, but can also lead to misassumptions.	0
Amsterdam School of Communications Research (ASCoR), University of Amsterdam, Kloveniersburgwal 48, 1012 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands	0
The contrast between the two results highlights a very important point: the inclusion principle used to select the sample of scientists under study, and the approach used to account for time, might influence the results.	1
We excluded a single outlier published in 2020 with 642 authors from mean and maximum calculations, as well as the analysis examining citations.	0
Downloaded from www.ajronline.org by Osaka University on 10/15/15 from IP address 133.1.198.126.	0
With a novel methodology, we seek to explore previously uninvestigated issues.	1
Data Availability Statement: Data are available from the Harvard Dataverse (https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/SKESSY).	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Prior neurosurgical studies regarding bibliometric analyses have evaluated associations between research productivity and career advancement; however, this is the first study to target a student population.	1
‘#M’denotes the cardinality of the set M, i.e., the number of its	0
Received 2018 September 12; accepted 2018 October 20; published 2018 November 27	0
To date, no other study appears to have investigated the impact of these peripheral factors on citation counts.	1
This study investigates the dissemination pattern of scientific articles on social medial, and is particularly focused on highly tweeted articles and highly cited articles.	1
Keywords: bibliometrics | biomarkers | early detection of cancer | mouth neoplasms | saliva	0
The research questions addressed range from what literature is used in research and where does it come from, what is the perceived quality and the usage of specialized tourism and hospitality journals, which regions of the world produce most tourism research and which universities have contributed most to the tourism body of knowledge, what are the hiring, promotion and tenure standards that are applied in hospitality and tourism programs, what educational qualifications and industrial experience do tourism and hospitality educators have, to what media are used in Third World tourism research.	0
Here, we ground these ideas in formal terms by systematically studying mobility patterns in the scientific knowledge landscape.	1
Proposals for Countermeasures by Academic Journals in China's Institutions of Higher Learning Against Academic Corruption	0
3 Ageing patterns by area and durability types of publications (publications with at least five external citations)	0
This paper also analyzes the general bibliometric characteristics of the cited and citing documents and the subject classifications (retrieved from JCR) of the citing journals.	0
The latter defines the strength of interrelations of research aspects, while circles represent specific items whose relationship is being determined.	0
The columns represent the number of co-authors and the number of publications corresponding to that count.	0
These findings will help the readers to get a quick and intuitive overview of Current Science.	1
The need for more sophisticated measures of journal ranking is being increasingly recognised by the scientific community, and one would hope that future quality indicators would also take into account the relevance of published research to patients, clinicians and society at large.	1
Furthermore, to our knowledge bibliometric mapping, evolution of terms and thematic analyze has not yet been used in the analyze of literature production of the Journal CHB, which is another strength of this study.	1
He continued, "We are trying to induce the best of our young men to invest the time and money requisite to make themselves expert original investigators and workers-with the idea that they can support themselves and their families by means of the information which they can give....	0
In light of our observation that editors' papers are cited with greater than normal frequency, we attempt to determine whether this phenomenon is attributable to the influence of editors, which may be exerted either by pressuring authors to include references to editors' papers or by accepting articles that include references to their papers.	1
All data, code, and materials used in the analysis are hosted on OSF.	0
The objective of this paper is to answer this question.	1
We developed our own procedures for opening linearized PDF files and extracting their outlines.	0
Longer articles in these journals, on average, attract more citations, and are therefore considered more impactful.	1
In fact, I suggest that the orientation of the research community to meet these powerful metrics collectively undermines, slowly but steadily, the scientific and higher education systems (Weingart 2005; Adler and Harzing 2009).	1
In previous studies by the authors (Gl?nzel 2013; Gl?nzel et al.	1
We further propose relevant indexes based on Kuhn's 'essential tension' hypothesis and divide the laureates' research topics into the Prize-winning topic, the topic semantically closest to the Prize-winning topic, and other non-Prize-winning topics.	1
This article is the developed version of the report 'Indepth Evaluation on National Creative R&D Program (Ryu, 2012)'.	0
These results, and in particular the findings for citations, have potentially important implications for the economics profession.	1
When the move-year is not an integer, we round it down to the closest integer.	0
The data in this study was provided by ISI (Institute for Scientific Information).	0
This paper is complementary to the previous systematic longitudinal and cross-disciplinary comparison of three main scientometrics platforms.	1
In order to provide an overview of the glorious journey of the journal, the current study performs a bibliometric analysis of the publications.	1
Arslan Sheikh is an assistant librarian in the Junaid Zaidi Library at COMSATS University Islamabad in Pakistan; he may be reached by e-mail at: arslan_sheikh@comsats.edu.pk.	0
Instead, we put forward that one needs to understand the political context in which universities are embedded in China and in which rankings evolved as an internal strategic tool for enforced infrastructural development of the wider research and education system and for resource allocation.	1
This leaves room for interpretation for Committee Members but also makes it difficult for applicants to decide whether or not they meet the criteria.	0
Details for how both steps in the process were conducted is provided in the remainder of this section.	0
The topic model we apply, top2vec, provides this aerial perspective by generating quantitative representations of criminological keywords and publications, project these representations into n dimensional space, and identify statistically significant clusters of publications which represent criminological research topics (Angelov 2020).	1
In particular, we introduce two approaches, CP-IN and CP-EX, that should be preferred in bibliometric studies because they consider the complete citation distribution and can be accurately interpreted.	1
It shares some failed efforts made to populate UBRISA through the instrument of the performance management system – an annual contract which the academic staff members sign at the beginning of the year.	1
To this end, we develop a theoretical and empirical model to consider endogeneity of explanatory variables, the generalized method of moment estimation.	1
The main contribution and novelty of our study is that we examine how collaboration and supervisor behaviour affect productivity differences between women and men during completion of doctoral studies and the early career phase.	1
This type of study is virtually impossible to do manually in any sort of a comprehensive manner.	0
In comparison to RS diversity, the new indicator (DIV) has the following advantages:	1
However, the funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
In our paper, we use the different words ‘researcher’, ‘scholar’ and ‘author’ to refer to disambiguated authors.	0
The first step in our approach is to introduce a dual-map design in which two base maps will be displayed at the same time, one for the citing world of publications and the other for the cited world of references within these publications.	1
The analysis finds two main dimensions of online impact (RQ1).	1
This work was carried out while the author was a visiting professor at the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm.	0
Submitted: 08 April, 2023 Accepted: 19 May, 2023 Published: 08 January, 2024	0
Therefore, the present study focuses on bibliometric analysis of EHFE research outputs published in the core journals of EHFE indexed in Scopus database 2000-2018 using co-word analysis.	1
However, the ideal would be for a Scenario 4 for mega-author content which is outlined in Figure 7.	1
No correlation was reported for students' education because all students had the same numeric value for education as measured.	0
First, in contrast to the many papers that have used numbers of citations, IF, or the h-index as the basis for comparing journals, this study used the NPR concept to develop a new type of ranking system by considering the number of citations in patents (and patent applications) as the basis for measuring the technological value of papers.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The current study is an initial effort to examine the domestic research capability of Vietnam's Social Science and Humanities (SSH) disciplines through scientific productivity.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
That last factor has been the focus of attention in recent years on the part of lobbies attempting to change journal publication policy.	0
a Percentage of the publications in a given field among all fields.	0
Faculty of Information Technology and Communication Sciences, Tampere University, Tampere, Finland	0
Disentangling current communication practices, and outlining the specific roles and tasks of the main actors, might be a first step towards establishing the design of interventions that counterbalance social influences on the peer-review process.	1
News ranking process by producing a ranking model that faithfully recreates U.S.	1
Cited impact (average citations per cited paper) of SCI-indexed microbiology papers.	0
*Operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., under contract with the National Science Foundation.	0
While space limitations do not allow for an extended account of the cases, this paper distills key insights from them to illustrate more general patterns.	0
Qualitative approach enabled us to explore the possible factors leading to research misconduct in more depth and detail than previous quantitative research (Pupovac and Fanelli 2015).	1
Third, this study is one of the early studies to deploy TabNet to identify PEPs.	1
Unlike the other papers, we use data from Scopus, which boasts of the biggest database for peer-reviewed literature.	1
This figure depicts the time-series trends of the means of paper character- istics from 2000 to 2013 based on the total sample of 3,365 published papers in Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics and Review of Financial Studies.	0
The proposed structure presents a loose network of economic transactions, i.e.	1
More than half century ago, direct citation linkages were used to show the evolutionary pathways within a research [11].	0
Claudine Turcotte MD, Pierre Drolet MD FRCPC, Michel Girard MD MHPE FRCPC	0
Although China is the most populous country in the world, and although more than 50,000 orthopaedic surgeons practice there, to our knowledge no formal citation analysis of Chinese orthopaedic articles has been performed.	1
The aforementioned conceptualization of coauthorship networks enables us to compute new metrics that supplement prior metrics used in previous coauthorship network studies.	1
Naturally, the volume of research has expanded several fold during the studied 35-year period.	0
where the mathematical form of f depends on a set of axioms to be proposed.	0
This research attempted to unravel library holding as an indicator of scholarly book impact assessment, and found that there is a need to distinguish the differences between electronic holdings and print holdings before using their combined format as Total holding from OCLC.	1
In Iran, no original research have been done about scientific fraud.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(5):1048–1064, 2015	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
This unfounded assumption that global reflects local is an oversimplification of which resources will provide value to an institution.	1
Garvey and Griffith's scholarly communication model (Garvey & Griffith, 1971, p.	0
See Tables 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, and Fig.	0
The hmen index seems to be similar to the h index and it can thus be stated that it does indeed a good job of measuring impact of scholarly documents.	1
However, studies on APT, TS and Cited by Clin. indicators are indeed relatively lacking.	1
The evolution of the core-document network represents and follows the general trends topic development in terms of focus shift from theory to application in an adequate manner.	1
Our study has indicated that junior researchers can enhance scientific performance by producing publications in which they appear as the first-listed authors.	1
Data Availability Statement: The data retrieved from the WoS database can be sent upon request.	0
I thank Ludo Waltman and two anonymous reviewers for their useful comments on an earlier draft.	0
In this article, we address this issue by comparing a large-scale journal rating exercise with the scores assigned via (post-publication) peer review to individual articles published in the same journals.	1
The strength of this study is that it not only developed the conceptual framework for research evaluation, but it was also applied to a medical academia as a case study to test its applicability.	1
To address this problem, this paper aims to examine whether the percentile- and stochastic-based approach is effective for converting citation counts between two databases while guaranteeing its time-normalization.	1
Two coders were trained before they began to separately code the papers.	0
A key step in this hybrid process would be demonstration of the ability of text mining to identify the targets of interest with reasonable precision in a timely manner at an acceptable cost.	0
First, in terms of the measurement of cognitive heterogeneity variable, the measurement of team members using scales, rather than using personal background characteristics (such as team tenure, education level, and economic level) as surrogate variables, serves to overcome deviations in the measurement of cognitive heterogeneity to some extent.	1
It also provides information on number of peer reviews performed and limits publication counts to only journals indexed on WoS.	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Keywords Bibliometric evaluation · Excellence Initiative · Germany · Research system	0
Here in this work, the literatures of these three major coronavirus diseases are disentangled from one another and analysed in a comparative way and from scientometric perspectives.	1
This section provides the frequency counts of both the compound and single subject terms used to describe IE literature.	0
Our findings also help exemplify the overemphasis of current research assessments on competition and prestige.	1
In addition, we identified three kinds of topic evolution patterns from Figure 6.	0
Supported by NIH Grant 04177 from the National Library of Medicine.	0
In academic communities, as in other highly literate communities, authorship is important.	0
We would like to thank the other members of the EUMIDA core team, namely Tasso Brandt, Daniela De Filippo, Andreas Niederl, Ulrich Schmoch, Stig Slipersaeter' as well as the national experts who contributed to the data collection.	0
The number displayed inside each node represents the sum of citations or mentions, depending on the context.	0
The research reported here concentrated on physicists; however, I suggest that the h index should be useful for other scientific disciplines as well.	0
In the present study, data were analyzed statistically using SPSS and LISREL software.	0
Our research adds to Martin (2016), which focused on the role editors play in JIF inflation.	1
It is important to note that within 60 days does not mean updates occur every 60 days, but rather that the longest time span between updates is 60 days.	0
The main contribution of this result is the focus on doctoral students, an understudied group that have received little attention in previous research.	1
Average BCS and CCS according to ages (x) and spans (y).	0
Editor: Claudia Noemi González Brambila, Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico, MEXICO	0
A similar or dissimilar set of findings might emerge if another database such as SCOPUS was used.	0
Also to mitigate bias, we meticulously gathered a dataset that includes an equal number of awardees and non-awardees researchers.	1
The use of one or the other method depends on the researchers election but the results may be the same.	0
(3) We analyzed academic citations from new perspectives and gave some interesting findings.	1
Our study is the first to show the effects of various parameters in the context of hybrid similarities on the document level.	1
Distribution of the data for selected (Code 1) and not selected (Code 0) applicants according to each indicator for the starting grants.	0
Although several publications have appeared based on RPYS, the application of the method on the origin of the papers published in a single journal has scarcely been undertaken.	1
In the analysis, we also derived some recommendations for the university's management team that can be used in governing the research potential of the studied university.	1
The theoretical contribution of the present study is the proposal of a framework for the strategic and organizational management of scientific research, which reveals insights through the extension of scientometric methodology to real-time activity measurement.	1
Table 1 Data gathered in PlumX for this study according to their source of origin	0
It also helped us to complement the general practice in the literature that mapping is conducted by either journal articles or global databases (such as the studies of [19], [22], [46], [47]).	1
We define these indicators in Table 1 and describe the calculation in the following.	0
Team Power Dynamics and Team Impact: New Perspectives on Scientific Collaboration using Career Age as a Proxy for Team Power	1
Competing interests The authors report there are no competing interests to declare.	0
Section 5 includes a summary and a discussion of these findings for future research into the science of science.	0
Thus, our studies provide empirical support for what is likely the conventional wisdom in our field regarding the best journals.	1
In our analysis, we make critical use of Bourdieu's concept of field and the Latin American category of “structural heterogeneity,” while also focusing on the question of circulation.	1
The results of this study provide important insights into the scholarship content of the literature on scope of practice but also highlight important methodological insights.	1
To solve this problem, this paper first distinguishes the degree of interdisciplinarity of topics in the interdisciplinary research field, and then analyzes their unique evolution patterns of these interdisciplinary topics.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Here, we leverage a comprehensive dataset we assembled, allowing us to trace the entire career histories of nearly all Nobel laureates in physics, chemistry, and physiology or medicine over the past century.	1
This was confirmed by a number of interviews with librarians and funders.	0
In Table 4 we report results of analyses for which we used different moving windows to investigate how many citations a particular publication has acquired (one-, three-, and five-year windows).	0
We contribute to the understanding of citation behavior by means of combining quantile regression (QR) with a non-parametric specification able to capture citation inflation.	1
Nicolás Robinson-García is currently supported by an FPU grant from the Ministerio de Educación y Ciencia of the Spanish Government.	0
Thus, a compendium that gathers and formally ranks a much larger number of possible (English language) journals frequented by top health economists is a logical undertaking.	1
Our study also contributes to literature on academic inbreeding in China.	1
Davis, and an anonymous referee provided helpful advice on drafts of this article.	0
Funding This research was supported by the Cancer Research Experiences for Students (CaRES) Program, 5R25CA076023, funded by the National Cancer Institute.	0
Of course, this finding does not necessarily mean that the role of doctoral level scientists is marginal.	0
Our findings also contrast with previous findings on the lower research impact of authors from Latin America, despite their involvement as contributors to reputable journals [122].	1
Acknowledgements We would like to thank Nikolai Schaffner for assisting the research presented in this paper.	0
Acta Orthopaedica et Traumatologica Turcica (AOTT) has emerged as one of the leading journals in orthopedics, with a notable increase in international publications in the last decade.	1
In this section, figures and tables are employed to describe the relationship based on distribution between the paper length and citations from top biomedical journals.	0
The largest component of the pharmaceutical field contains 107 nodes, which is relatively large, so we chose a Lambda of 6.	0
This paper presents a thorough analysis of the overcitation and overrepresentation of review papers in the most cited papers of the 35 largest subject categories in Science Citation Index-Expanded.	1
In addition, we hope that the visual representation of the co-authoring and research front patterns of their tertiary universities might provide insights into where these countries should invest their limited research budgets in the future.	1
However, our findings are unlikely to be exceptional, and the scientific community should address potential bias at research meetings.	0
This channel opens a new opportunity to measure the impact of social use of scholarly publications in social media (altmetrics) that supplements our understanding on the scholarly impact of publications (bibliometrics).	1
In other words, for a set of articles the means were fixed at the following values: 0:1x; 1*:2x; 2*:4x; 3*:8x; 4*:16x, where x was adjusted to give a pre-selected expected value (mean) of the whole distribution.	0
The ROC analysis indicates thatPR and TJPhave some predictive value and could potentially be useful in selecting for excellence</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION> in some decision-making contexts.	1
Many of the details of data interpretation have been discussed in the methodology and results sections, but there are a few general points that are pertinent to a post hoc evaluation and discussion of the methodology.	0
It builds on the methods described earlier (Roe et al. 2014) but now allows all the authors on multi-national papers to be classified, and is applicable to all the countries represented in the subject area.	1
Therefore, an inferential model that includes multiple variables is needed.	1
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY- 2015 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
The study provides a comprehensive historical overview of educational technology research, revealing its evolving focus, growing complexity, and the stable rate of knowledge obsolescence compared to the SciEng field.	1
665926 (PRINTEGER) and from ZonMw's 'Bevorderen Verantwoorde Onderzoekspraktijken'-programme under grant agreement No.	0
The procedures involved are fully explained in D'Angelo, Giuffrida, and Abramo (2011).	0
First, qualitative excerpts from articles and references were embedded into network diagrams to generate new interactive joint displays called Narrated Network Diagrams (NNDs) (Cowhitt et al., 2023).	1
This study goes beyond traditional empirical assessments by explaining the reciprocal strengthening between semiconductors, AI geopolitics, and energy transformation, as well as investigating their collective influence on a country's environmentally friendly and sus- tainable energy environment.	1
The study follows a method that can serve as a model for other libraries preparing to support new doctoral programs.	1
The Center was established by the Ford Foundation to investigate social, economic, and political issues of importance to oceanography.	0
The current study builds further upon these works, and adds the following features, that will be further explained in the data and methodology sections below.	1
Compared to that prior work, our paper illustrates the potential for extended propagation of misinformation over a citation network; to do this we adopt network analysis methods not used in the previous case study.	1
Preliminary results of the study were presented at the 6th World Conference on Research Integrity 2019 in Hong Kong.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Downloaded from ctr.sagepub.com at University of York on February 20, 2016	0
The supplementary material for this article can be found at https://doi.org/10.1017/gmh.2022.37.	0
We proposed four indicators for this: two for the position of the former supervisor in the co-author network of an early career researcher, and two for the position of the former supervisor in the topic network of the early career researcher.	1
We acknowledge the important contributions made by the anonymous referees to the previous version of this paper.	0
FI21/00149) from the Carlos III Institute of Health (Instituto de Salud Carlos III/ISCIII).	0
Table 2 presents the results, which are similar for the two periods.	0
Some journals are assigned to more than one subfield, causing multiple counts.	0
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest to report regarding the present study.	0
Therefore, a ranking of journals cited in patents has been proposed as an indicator of scientific transfer, since it is fed by the industrial sector itself and in which the university and research centres can also be involved.	1
This study demonstrates a procedure for the subject analysis of electronic resources and uses the field of cancer research to verify this proposal.	1
This is certainly not caused by the “narrowness” of the field, as we also show that there is a clear distribution of publications over many (sub)fields so that chemical engineering can be characterized as a broad, interdisciplinary research field.	0
In this paper, we propose a ‘scaling' approach to compare the scientific performance of Italian heterogeneous academic disciplines.	1
Then, we construct a geographically weighted network, based on which we propose the SpatialLeaderRank.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
The SEUI, is financially responsible for stays designed to improve the capacities and mobility of the researchers, through the “Sectorial Program for the General Promotion of Knowledge”, which in turn is part of the National Plan for R&D.	0
We complement the existing work on faculty hiring by studying doctoral-granting (DG) faculty hiring in mathematics over the past 70 years at the individual and departmental scale using the Mathematics Genealogy Project (MGP, http://www.genealogy.ams.org), which is an extensive database of graduate advisor-advisee relationships.	1
Data for econometrics (statistics) journals downloaded from ISI on April 28, 2010 (May 19, 2010) for all citations for 1988–2010.	0
Unlike contemporary state-of-the-art, the approach has been designed after a critical manual investigation of one of the most recent approaches of logical sections mapping.	1
This article is not aimed at communicating the totality of life in a particular laboratory (for example, Knorr-Cetina, 1999; Traweek, 1992).	0
It was first issued in 1981 by Haworth Press and has always been a peer-reviewed scholarly journal covering all aspects of sci-tech librarianship, including physical sciences, engineering, clinical investigation, and agriculture.	0
The concept of emergence is, of itself, both interesting and fraught with difficulty.	0
Overall, this study provides quantitative insights into the added value of long-term commitment and social trust associated with strong collaborative partnerships in international collaboration.	1
Additionally, as shown in Table 4, free OA journals have a distinctly lower percentage of grant-funded articles than APC OA journals have.	1
about 6 months (from the beginning of April to the end of September).	0
71704057) and Guangdong Planning Office of Philosophy and Social Science of China (Grant No.	0
a Information Analysis Center, Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information	0
More details on the process can be found in Larivière (2010).	0
There was no available information about the possible existence of APC for 58 journals.	0
This study also demonstrates that selecting partial or egocentric views of international liaisons in higher education is a valid strategy for understanding the global dimension of faculty work, international research collaboration, international comparative analyses, and interactions between the national and global levels.	1
However, differing from the focus in previous studies, in this article, we present a novel prototype, namely visualizing research productivity and impact (VisualRPI), which can be used to visually assess a researcher’s productivity and impact.	1
Conclusions are drawn about the need for building university rankings using operational (rather than cumulative) indicators of scientific activity and the importance of taking into account the profile of educational institutions by introducing weighting factors.	1
(2011)), this approach is not sensitive to ties and ensures seamless integration of measures of outstanding and even extreme performance into the standard tools of scientometric performance assessment.	1
We have therefore refined our previous query for Australian publications to retrieve all Australian HMR publications.	1
In summary, we hope that these findings have promoted a valuable understanding of the QAPs phenomena in Taiwan.	1
I would also like to gratefully acknowledge the constructive feedback from three anonymous reviewers and Maria Kuteeva on earlier versions of this paper.	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Furthermore, this study provides an in-depth understanding of the internal mechanism of knowledge diffusion and intellectual structure.	1
Information technology is rapidly becoming an essential part of the infrastructure of dental education (7).	0
The contribution of this study is the application of the Borda count approach to combine the HCSS journal rankings produced by the two widely accepted indices of the JIF and the h-index.	1
284 inventors with at least two patents and Lifetime > 0.25 years.	0
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol 28:1430-34 | Sep 2007 | www.ajnr.org 1431	0
the weighted average impact factor of all citing journals.	1
I gratefully acknowledge the help by Uta Heidenreich (journal and article search) and Dr.	0
We would like to thank Kelsey Medeiros, Logan Steele, Alison Antes, Jason Borenstein, Jeffrey Engler, Michael Kalichman, Brian Martinson, and Michael Verderame for their contributions to the present effort.	0
The study provides guidance on how the communication of scholarly research could be improved and reach a wider audience.	1
Because this study is not bound by the BOAI definition and adopts a more inclusive perspective, the term delayed OA is used to refer to this category of journals.	0
In Section 3, we provide empirical results as well as the Finance Conference Ranking.	0
This discovery opens up new avenues for investigating the underlying causes of these differences in the context of specific research design processes.	1
it quantifies multidisciplinarity in groups of papers identified with a special novel combination of numerical techniques.	1
This paper contributes to the literature in several ways.	1
The aim of this paper is to provide an overview of the most influential research in business & economics.	1
This paper contributes to this line of research.	1
In exceptional cases (such as Hal White, who passed away in 2012), we could not find CVs.	0
Internationally, no study could be found that compares citation of TDs from multiple law schools.	1
A writer is someone who can make a riddle out of an answer.	0
This study contributes new empirical evidence demonstrating a statistically significant relationship between the learning theories underpinning educational doctorates and university rankings.	1
We hope further that this paper provides a guideline and a roadmap to studies on bias on how to carefully address methodological issues that could limit the generalization or credibility of their results.	1
1 Humanities and Social Science, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi, New Delhi 110016, India	0
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
b) Professional meeting: earlier presentation of the research at a professional meeting.	0
We suppose this unexpected shift reflects the effort of researchers to discuss COVID-related problems increasingly in non-health fields of science where the impacts of the pandemic also call for solutions.	0
Adequate scrutiny to the relationship between these two factors, however, remains little explored.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, no bibliometric analyses of animal research have been conducted in the field of radiology.	1
This paper contributes to the extant literature on knowledge popularity by identifying contextual attributions of knowledge, and empirically tests the impact of their interactions on knowledge popularity.	1
By classifying their production in categories, our approach converts a megajournal such as PLOS ONE into a set of fictitious journals based on the categories the articles belong to.	1
The breakdown of these inventions, by category and subcategory as defined by the patent database, is available from the author upon request.	0
The important analyses which were done in this paper along with the interpretation of their results are given in Section 4.	0
Cross-tabulation of number of references cited in original article and translation availability.a	0
Trends are smoothed by fitting a generative additive model (GAM) to the data.	0
In the second section, the results are presented, and finally, in the third section, the research conclusions and limitations are discussed.	0
Our results show that in terms of both the quantity of papers produced and their scientific impact, the concentration of research funding in the hands of the so-called ‘elite’ of researchers generally produces diminishing marginal returns.	1
The views expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, the National Institutes of Health, or the US Federal Government.	0
The present study repeated the WHW studies, with some additional analysis, for the time period 2003–2012 to see if the changes observed were indicative of long-term trends or just momentary variations.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
We begin with all of the named investigators who appear on any of the proposals considered in the previous section (i.e.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first detailed assessment of medical journal business model and market presence in the field of radiology and one of the few in biomedical research overall.	1
Rusty Kimball, Jane Stephens, and David Hubbard are Science and Engineering Librarians, and Carmelita Pickett is Head of Collection Development & Acquisitions Services, all at Texas A&M University Libraries; e-mail: rkimball@library.tamu.edu, jstephens@library.tamu.edu, hubbardd@library.tamu.edu, cpickett-k@ library.tamu.edu.	0
Disclosure forms provided by the authors are available with the online version of this article as supplemental material.	0
The increase in the multidisciplinarity of several specific areas is well documented (such as medicine [7]; cognitive science [8]; nanoscience and nanotechnology [9]; and others [10]) but little is known about how the multidisciplinary character of multidisciplinary journals has changed over time.	1
Here we compare AA and CA only with respect to their lapse time distributions observed on 10 core analytical journals in the past decade.	0
As a reviewer pointed out, this study does not measure why academics seek to join editorial boards.	0
The aim of this study is to review the literature by focusing on articles that have addressed data management within digital marketing and social media, based on the premise that a narrower spectrum enhances the value of the resulting information for the purposes of research in the field (Kapoor et al., 2018).	1
This is in contrast to the ranking procedures used in some other disciplines.	0
The method results in a continuous measure, which I call the level score (LS), ranging from -1 to 1, with the value closer to -1 meaning that the article is more orientated toward basic research and 1 more applied.	1
It is hoped that through the portrayal of the experience of the Annals of Saudi Medicine and the obstacles it faced, one can draw conclusions for the future.	1
Thus, the project "New Quality and Quantity Indices in Science" (NewQIS) [17,18] decided to perform a detailed analysis of research yield in traffic medicine from 1900 to 2008.	1
We are not aware, however, that a targeted, comparative study on this topic has ever been published.	1
One of the most significant advantages of the qualitative approach that we employed in this study is that it provides an excellent opportunity to uncover a range of factors that appeared to contribute to the interviewed teams' honorary authorship practices.	1
An understanding of the precedents for retraction types can help journal editors make relevant decisions about questionable work.	0
Details on the protocol and consent forms can be found in Text S1.	0
We provided compelling evidence for an empirical model that expands our understanding of the mediating effect of download and usage of publications between social media indicators and abstract content of a publication.	1
In this study, three chemistry research themes closely associated with the Nobel Prize are bibliometrically analyzed-Ribozyme, Ozone and Fullerene—as well as a research theme in chemistry not associated with the Nobel Prize (a Nobel snub theme): Brunauer-Emmett–Teller equation.	1
Collaboration network for institutions with more than two articles published contains 791 nodes.	0
In response, this study compares research in Spain to research in the UK using a combination of Scopus-based indicators (publication counts and citation counts) and social media indicators (online patent citations, online presentation mentions, online syllabus mentions, Wikipedia mentions, Mendeley readership counts and Twitter mentions).	1
This is the first study that has quantified the frequency of research misconduct in Croatian scientific community by scientists who have either admitted personally to having committed research misconduct or have observed other scientists' committing research misconduct.	1
To better under the long-term dispute in the global context, we attempted to seek the evidence from relevant literature by bibliometric indices.	1
Hacettepe University and the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TüB?TAK).	0
Previous studies investigating the drivers of academic engagement in collaboration with industry have been based on surveys, which embed severe limits on the scale of observations (Llopis et al., 2018; Thune et al., 2016; Weerasinghe & Dedunu, 2020; Zhao et al., 2020).	1
Apart from different policies towards the index of different document types, this study generalized the following four representative causes which induced the discrepancies among data from different sources: (1) different policies towards the use of different versions of publications dates especially for Scopus; (2) documents omission; (3) duplicate entries especially for WoSCC; and also (4) a very small percentage of metadata errors.	1
Keywords Scientific misconduct · Intellectual theft · Self-plagiarism · Plagiarism checker Retraction	0
We constructed a large and unique dataset with detailed information on 26,219 research articles published from 2001 to 2010 inclusive in our 45 journals from the Scopus database, which is a large abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature that captures articles in 20,000 peer reviewed journals from approximately 5,000 publishers.	1
The number of research studies on social tagging has increased rapidly in the past years, but few of them highlight the characteristics and research trends in social tagging.	1
This paper argued that the current rate of mobile device and Internet penetration can only be seen as a benefit if access to scholarly work is freely available to all.	1
(Received on 21st August 2020, accepted in revised form 30th November 2020)	0
The results, shown in Table 7, however, show that the treatment effect is still significant and negative.	0
This bibliometric study is the first of its kind to identify the top-cited articles and their main characteristics in the field of regenerative endodontics.	1
Consequently, though LIS educators may cover the misconduct issues student researchers face during the submission and peer review process, this study's findings suggest LIS researchers are not equipped to respond to editorial misconduct events that happen after acceptance, specifically during the copyediting and typesetting part of the academic publishing workflow.	1
Our study complements this literature, showing that the majority of AI scientists moving to the U.S. come from China, and vice versa.	1
This new method provides important insights for the global coordination between research teams especially in crisis situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic.	1
We hope that running Alexandria3k as an open source project will allow it to grow organically serving ever more needs of research synthesis and analysis studies.	0
*Corresponding author: Francesco Zucchini, Dipartimento di Scienze Sociali e Politiche, Università degli Studi di Milano, Milano, Italy.	0
The term open scholarship is derived from the open knowledge movement, so, theoretically, the meaning of the word “open” in open scholarship should be the same with that of the word “open” in open knowledge movement.	0
This represents a baseline for the ABC-Meta task, but also a distinct problem with its own challenges.	0
The current research also demonstrates the advantages of ESEM.	1
Moreover, this study redirects attention from senior scholars to emerging researchers-an often-overlooked population at an earlier point in their professional careers (Lane and Bertuzzi 2011; Callier and Polka 2015; Gould 2015; Woolston 2015).	1
We did not find any videos through our search that fulfilled the aim of our project, of producing high quality, thoughtfully designed, videos discussing the inherent problems of the h-index and its widespread use.	1
F. Narin is president of CHI Research/Computer Horizons, 10 White Horse Pike, Haddon Heights, NJ 08035.	0
Here we combine numerous techniques to analyse academic response in more detail including interdisciplinary and international effects.	1
As the analysis shows, quantity does make a difference.	1
Correspondence address: Agnes Bj?rn, Nybrovej 33A, 2nd floor, DK-2820 Gentofte, Denmark.	0
This review, therefore, focuses on illuminating the research frontiers and future roadmap for healthcare HRM research [16, 17].	1
Do the collaboration and impact patterns differ from one region to another?	0
In summary, peer-review of funding proposals has served science well for decades, but funding agencies may want to consider alternative approaches to public science funding that build on theoretical advances and leverage modern technology and big data analytics.	1
The main finding of this article is that assessed environment submissions are significantly associated with a set of quantitative indicators such as external income, the size of the submitting unit, and PGR completions by the submitting unit.	1
However, this paper does not represent the views of the CSC.	0
Some of this work was carried out on the Dutch national e-infrastructure with the support of the SURF Foundation.	0
I was disappointed that P & C found it impractical to attempt to describe more fully the different areas of psychology they had considered, or to differentiate between the different areas.	0
A p value smaller than the significance level 0.05 indicates that the null hypothesis that the distribution follows a power law can be rejected	0
The paper, while drawing lessons from previous papers, adopted a variety of techniques to examine collaboration patterns and impact of LIS research over a longer period of publication time, i.e.	1
Received 10 September 2023; Received in revised form 31 July 2024; Accepted 29 October 2024	0
Section 3 describes the arbitrarily sampled data and metrics, as well as the instrument of statistical analysis used to investigate the correlation between the new indicator and TCj.	0
Note: Journals from which the citation donors originated (rows) versus the journals that published the publications of the citation recipients (columns).	0
We have implemented the mixed-effect models to allow for analysis of IRR with unbalanced hierarchical structure of the data and we have allowed for different variance terms for different applicant status-a covariate which may moderate IRR.	1
This having been said, the author was confident in only 144 (58.3%) of 247 cases that Google Scholar was providing complete indexing of the publishers' versions of the journals.	0
Therefore, it is important to conduct an overall bibliometric analysis especially at the initial phase of robotic surgery versus open surgery.	1
It provides a promising analysis of contribution to research and resolves numerous limitations of other evaluation measures.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Given the limited nature of all prior studies of citing sources for GS and the need to update all previous research, a comprehensive analysis of citation sources in GS, WoS, and Scopus across all subject areas is needed.	1
This research pilots the development of a new metric termed "impactability" which is a score that evaluates a high risk members likelihood of benefitting from an intervention.	1
What remains unique here is my integration of these concepts into an empirical study that shows how the interrelation of capital and institutions influence collaboration decisions within an organizational field.	1
Any further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the author(s) and the title of the work, journal citation and DOI.	0
This study is the first to systematically research plagiarism in African biomedical journals.	1
Despite this, the internal analysis enabled the detection of, among other things, a low correlation between page count and visibility due to the widespread use of subdirectories and problems accessing certain content.	1
Alan Asher is art and music librarian, University of Northern Iowa, Cedar Falls; he may be contacted via e-mail at: alan.asher@uni.edu.	0
Overall our findings provide new evidence that K awards promote success in the careers of both PhDs and physician scientists.	1
We start by surveying well studied practices commonly used to manipulate such metrics.	0
The concept of collective invention which consists in sharing of knowledge and information among a broad group of agents has been introduced by Allen (1983).	0
To this end, we propose a novel method to characterize the degree to which a publication impacts another discipline instead of its original discipline.	1
A vast literature is dedicated to measuring and evaluating interdisciplinarity (Klein, 2008; Wagner et al., 2011; Repko, Szostak and Buchberger, 2017).	0
The paper finds that the majority of collaborations funded had yielded positive impact in terms of publications, strengthened research capacity in research groups, and resource accumulation.	1
The analysis provides a new approach to measuring the knowledge relationships between two fields besides the conventional citation analysis (Karunan et al. 2017).	1
Open access strongly advocates for maximizing research impact by enhancing seamless accessibility.	1
The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
SL performances of the top 20 firms in the C&C field.	0
From the Department of Urology, University of California-San Francisco, San Francisco, California	0
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
That is, a researcher with a high h index after 12 years is highly likely to have a high h index after 24 years.	0
This article introduces a versatile functional form for Generalized Linear Models (GLMs) through a simple, yet effective, transformation of the current framework.	1
This study will provide insights into the effects of gender, age, research time and region on the relative scientific output of Vietnamese authors, continuing the line of recent studies such as [4,35].	1
The methodology provides a novel approach to study the evolution of research groups over time and offers valuable insights into the structure and cohesion of scientific communities.	1
The survey was distributed in May 2019, and reminder e-mails were sent subsequently.	0
1 This author's work is supported by SPEED IT Fellowship of Kerala IT Mission, Govt.	0
This is confirmed by Table 6 showing the Spearman correlation coefficients between the rankings from evaluation at each year end and the last set of rankings, at end of 2008, which provide the analysis benchmark.	0
Unlike previous studies regarding as a single indicator, the present paper covers various footprint indicators to investigate the overview of the environmental footprint family field using a bibliometric analysis.	1
This paper explores whether we witness cross-boundary interactions in professional networks and changes in the knowledge production towards more collaborative patterns in urban water science.	1
We show empirically that the answer is yes, using 3167 articles published in five of the top journals in economics between 2000 and 2010.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office:	0
The above suggests that the country of origin may have an impact on an author’s success.	0
As a result, it adds value by creating a theoretical framework that combines personal awareness and external elements – factors that have not been sufficiently explored simultaneously in the prior literature.	1
Once the user submits the data file, it is uploaded to the server, analyzed, and visualized.	0
Thus, I propose research and publication practices that resist hegemony and are pro social justice.	1
3253 “Organization and monitoring the innovative activity of the subjects of the Russian Federation".	0
The concept of altmetrics was introduced to reflect some of the critical impacts of scientific publications (Holmberg 2015) and describe a new and alternative way of assessing the influence of scholarly works (Piwower 2013).	1
In short, the results of this study show that non-source items should be included in bibliometric evaluations, regardless of their impact or the citations from them.	1
We also extend our analysis to two other journals commonly accepted as top journals (Accounting, Organizations and Society and Review of Accounting Studies [AOS and RAST, respectively]) from 1990 to 2014.	1
Therefore, this paper will propose an instant prediction model which aims to identify whether a paper's citation can become high-level or not once it is accepted by a journal.	1
Ordinarily, SRMR should have a value close to 0.1 (Henseler et al., 2014).	0
1 This occurred due to the fact that although Pubmed ID's have different values, they sometimes refer to the same document.	0
And they never looked back: by 2015, Chinese authored papers outnumbered their American counterpart by a factor of 2.5.	0
The publications in Table 6 deal with the optical properties of selected substances or materials.	0
Keywords: trust, responsible conduct of research, training, postgraduate students, supervision, survey	0
The authors consider that the methodological procedures here employed might be suitable to understand the boundaries between similar fields.	1
However, no studies were found to tackle the potential of the attention received by the academic outputs to improve the ranking systems' performance in evaluating university performance.	1
Foster, of Minneapolis, vice-president; Patty Smith Hill, Teachers College, Columbia University; Marjorie Hardy, author of textbooks on children's reading; Mary Dabney Davis, Bureau of Education, Washington, D.	0
The institutions represented in Figure 4 correspond to 3.3% of the 1,318 institutions identified in the research corpus.	0
Replacing monotonicity by expansion consistency, we characterize the Hirsch-index by only two of Woeginger's axioms.	1
Finally, our methods provide online repositories such as Google Scholar, PubMed, ISI Web of Science, and Scopus with a way to improve their search and ranking algorithms.	1
A review paper on the other hand, is a critical evaluation on previous studies on specific fields.	0
First, we distinguish between papers using primary and secondary data and formulate a typology of what should be included.	1
Like other citation matrices, journal-journal citation matrices are asymmetrical, because there is no mutuality implied in a citation relation.	0
1 Department of Political Science, Danish Centre for Studies in Research and Research Policy, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark	0
The Délégation Générale de la Recherche Scientifique et Technique (DGRST), created in 1958, has primary responsibility for preparing national science policy decisions taken in the interministerial council for research and for coordinating the research and development policies of the various ministries and research agencies.	0
This is particularly useful as they seldom are given space elsewhere.	0
This is a gap in the literature we hope to fill.	1
By SNA, we suggest using the conceptual scale and index of relational complexity for quantification of terms or concepts in the titles of economics papers.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have influenced the work reported in this paper.	0
Notes: p < 0.10, ** p < 0.05, *** p < 0.01.	0
2 Escuela Superior Politécnica del Litoral, School of Engineering, Guayaquil, Ecuador	0
The order of the regression models we estimate is as follows.	0
Overall, a unit increase in log(AAS + 1) increased the log(downloads + 1) by 0.261 (95% confidence interval: 0.206 to 0.316) while a unit increase in log(twitter mentions + 1) increased log(downloads + 1) by 0.375 (95% confidence interval: 0.324 to 0.425).	0
Despite several proposed methods that group publications—the primary unit of research output—into some categories, we still lack a quantitative way to place articles onto the full, continuous spectrum from basic research to clinical medicine.	1
This suggests that our study has quantitatively captured hallmarks of spontaneous social order on a national scale.	1
You may not further distribute the material or use it for any profit-making activity or commercial gain	0
Second, unlike former studies that have been restricted to certain academic positions, our study includes all researchers from the youngest doctoral students to the oldest professors.	1
These consequences, in turn, led prominent scientists in the country to publish their results abroad, reducing further the quality and reputation of the local journals.	0
Cij denotes the number of citations received in the year j by items published in the year i.	0
The current study forms part of the EU funded project AWARE (AWARE 2014), which aimed at making the FAW research activities in an Enlarged Europe visible.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
African Journal of Science, Technology, Innovation and Development is co-published by Taylor & Francis and NISC (Pty) Ltd	0
Received: 26 April 2019 Revised: 11 July 2019 Accepted: 22 August 2019	0
Thus the full productivity of authors and institutions, and their impact, remain to be studied, but our data represent a valid baseline for future research.	1
The arrival of new indicators will enable us to study the phenomenon of scientific communication in greater depth, more precisely, and more exhaustively, reducing our dependence on traditional bibliometric indexes.	1
It defines two areas to quantify the fact that some authors publish articles which eventually do not have analogous impact with those that contribute to their h-index .	1
Vertical dashed lines indicate the activity level corresponding to the top-5% of all editors for a specific journal.	0
Thus, many queries yielded high proportions of “off-topic” hits–such as the WoS query for “TI = retract*” which yielded 7,925 records on 07 Aug 2011 (Table 1, line 26).	0
Grieve Chelwa (2021) Does economics have an 'Africa problem'?, Economy and Society, 50:1, 78-99, DOI: 10.1080/03085147.2021.1841933	0
In the three formulas, y indicates the mean of the actual values, N indicates the number of samples, y indicates the actual value and y' indicates the predicted value.	0
(c) Mission: research-university (contrast between research-university and comprehensive university); PhD granting university (contrast between PhD granting university and comprehensive university)	0
The result of the clustering is expressed in a tree-like figure known as dendrogram, which is a rather faithful representation of the merging process (see Figs.	0
This work was funded by the EU FP7 ACUMEN project (grant agreement 266632).	0
Received 27 August 2023; Received in revised form 15 February 2024; Accepted 10 March 2024	0
Generally, their main goal is building a general approach to apply on a larger scale corpus starting from the findings and results obtained – e.g.	0
The Jaccard index is defined in terms of non-empty sets A and B as:	0
Although academic pranksters have successfully placed fictional characters on editorial boards (see go.nature.com/2nbikpp), no one has examined the issue systematically.	1
This paper advocates for individual book assessment, aligning with the open science and responsible research evaluation principles outlined by UNESCO (2021), the European Commission (2019a, 2019b), and various declarations and guides (Collins et al., 2015;	1
Using this method may limit the generality of conclusions, nevertheless, this article believes the conclusions can apply to most universities, and are inapplicable only for those universities whose proportions of CPD are extremely high or low, like UW-Madison (CPD in chemistry near 98%) and Stanford (CPD in mathematics 0%).	0
To identify turbulent periods in the knowledge network, we developed a network method for identifying fluctuations of individual MeSH constituents across clusters by tracking the entry and exit of constituents between sequential 1-year periods.	1
Our study provides another point of view not fully captured in previous studies.	1
This study has contributed to the debate in general and the knowledge gap in the native context by assessing returned doctorate teaching practice and a complementary purpose to explore challenges that may hamper performance.	1
The primary contribution of this study is introducing a new approach for journal ranking.	1
The approach involved mapping of scientific production related to Vibrio outbreak from 1990 to 2019 as an indirect source-track of cholera outbreaks during the period.	1
This study contributes to several strands of the literature.	1
Whether these results are caused alone by differences in awareness of the citation analytical consequences of alphabetization of authorship is undecided.	0
This work was supported by The Finnish Cultural Foundation, Pirkanmaa Regional Fund.	0
On this basis, a machine learning framework is established to analyze the value of topic characteristics in predicting the high influential articles.	1
In this study, we showed that the proportion of academic CT surgeons who published molecular/cellular or animal-based BSR during training has significantly declined, while the proportion that focused on clinical or other types of research during training has increased.	1
Table A2 includes the full list of top journals and appendix 8.4 provides additional information on data construction and sources.	0
Center for Studies of Information Resources, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, People’s Republic of China	0
Inset numerals indicate the number of common papers in the applicable region.	0
We found 761 unique records on Academia.edu that are not available in the traditional bibliometric databases.	1
We thank Fei-Yue Wang and Daniel Zeng for their advice and guidance in this research.	0
This paper addresses the problem of weight equality in traditional SPX algorithm.	1
However, the term was used in the particular context of perceived “double dipping” by publishers and related especially to new additional costs as experienced by institutions in a hybrid OA environment.	0
We denote the median similarity with the depth in blue, and then mark its standard deviation in the box.	0
It thus is a more refined representation of intellectual organization.	1
Findings also showed no significant difference between the correlation of Journal self-citation and impact factor in two databases (P=0.526) however, there was significant difference between the author's self-citation and impact factor in these databases (P<0.001).	1
The present research aims to incorporate new information by mapping regional health research networks with the unit of analysis being the self-declared research projects in researchers' CVs from Lattes Platform.	1
To fill this gap, we analysed researchers' publishing strategies and conflicts with regard to posting preprints.	1
In order to explore whether the topic of an article will affect its citation trend in future, this paper establishes a machine learning framework to study the role of topic characteristics in the prediction of future high influential articles.	1
The network of coauthorship relations offers a perspective on the ranks and positions of countries which provides an alternative to ranking shares of publications and citations.	1
1 The h-index is defined as the maximum value of h such that the given author/journal has published at least h papers that have each been cited at least h times.	0
This paper has taken another approach in order to dig deeper into how HSS knowledge is made relevant.	1
This phenomenon is so recent that it has hardly been studied to date.	1
Received October 4, 2012; revised November 16, 2012; accepted November 16, 2012	0
Note: P, number of articles that acknowledge the SFMN; C, total number of citations; CPP, average number of citations per publication; %PNC, percentage of noncited articles; FC, average citation rate of the Forestry Chronicle; JS, journal set–worldwide average in a combination of fields.	0
4 The number of articles on clinical trials, RCT, and case reports from ML, TW, and HK	0
Here they learn that ethical issues are not found as pure categories in practice but one usually finds several prob- lems and their interactions.	0
The strong power law in the distribution of citations to software suggests a significant amount of imitation between academics, with researchers being more prepared to use a program if others are already using it.	1
No sponsorships or competing interests have been disclosed for this article.	0
Although this was an exploratory study characterizing the growth of a minor social science field in China, our research greatly expanded the amount of data analyzed compared with others who have used this research method in the field of health law, such as Niu et al. (2013) and Jiang and Ren (2010) who only analyzed, respectively, 355 publications of one journal over 30 years and 435 publications of 27 Chinese Core Journals over 10 years.	1
We would like to draw to a close on a cautious note.	0
Here, a quantitative comparison is not feasible as different methods have different thresholds and parameter dependencies.	0
Consequently, there are an unknown share of authors in the database where the given name is missing.	0
Up-to-date findings are reported, which can help relevant researchers understand the research trend, seek scientific collaborators and optimize research topic choices.	1
In addition, we also demonstrated "other features" that were helpful in the prediction of the citation count of academic papers, were not important for the prediction of the clinical citation count of biomedical papers.	1
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2019, Vol.	0
The sensible alternative to curated scorekeeping would be to consider all citation data including self-citations.	1
A new methodology to perform scientific production analysis that considers symmetry in collaboration networks for evaluating and analyzing the cohesion of research groups;	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journallnformation?journalCode=wjnf20	0
This study is the first to use bibliometric analysis to systematically investigate the characteristics of research publications on RCTs related to insulin resistance over a two-decade period (2003-2022).	1
While this study provides one of the first quantitative evaluations of ECS contributions to the field of marine and fisheries sciences, we acknowledge that our analysis is not free of biases.	1
Each part is further subdivided to provide data on domains, object dominance, and size characteristics.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 64(3):640–643, 2013	0
Our study extends beyond these findings by including the highest impact general medicine journals, which are expected to have the highest AAS for their articles due to wider audience.	1
Precisely born to surpass the developmentalist perspective, the concept of structural heterogeneity was used to explain the entangled processes that are at work in peripheral countries that experienced economic growth but deepening internal asymmetries.	1
2A complete graph, or clique, is a graph with all possible edges.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
For a thorough understanding of diffusion mechanisms other factors, such as, properties of knowledge carriers, location, mobility, organizational form, culture, motivation, and trust may need to be considered.	0
(Obviously, a randomized controlled trial is a specific form of interven- tion study).	0
The journal is still in print today and indexed by major international databases, such as WoS, PubMed, and SCOPUS.	0
The author would like to thank former colleagues at CSUH, especially David Merignollo, research assistant for this project, and Lynn LaFleur, interlibrary loan coordinator, for obtaining numerous bibliographic items not available locally.	0
*There is no change in the hit rate after the third step.	0
This study introduces a novel approach for generating visual graphs using R language (see video introduction[23]), providing a unique way to visualize data on author collaborations (or cowords) in bibliometrics.	1
We conclude that we have shown that there do exist articles that are hibernators and are at the same time under-cited influential, or in other words, citation chimeras of this type do exist.	1
En este punto toman fuerza y resultan trascendentes este modelo de artículos para la bibliotecología, debido a que muestran que R resulta de gran valor en dicha área del conocimiento, aunque siempre teniendo presente las limitaciones de los paquetes, los cuales se pueden cargar en este lenguaje y el conocimiento del lenguaje de programación, así como el uso de otros lenguajes de programación.	1
The following inequalities hold: F ≤ R2 ≤ R1 ≤ W.	0
We suggest that this somewhat fragmented and fuzzy domain is held together by (1) a core group of authors who have for some time been co-authoring numerous papers and reports with one another; (2) several central journals, most notably the Lancet, addressing wider audiences and transcending the narrow specialization characteristic of scientific and biomedical fields; and (3) a growing body of large-data metrics, most prominently the Global Burden of Disease, which has become a rhetorical resource for numerous groups with different agendas.	1
In order to improve the h-index in terms of its accuracy and sensitivity to the form of the citation distribution, we propose the new bibliometric index l.	1
Figures 3 and 4 show the journals published in English and Spanish preferred by Spanish interventional radiologists for publishing their papers.	0
Unlike many other health fields, they do not usually centre around the curing or helping individual patients but focus on the microscopic scale instead.	0
The impact assessment strategies outlined here can be leveraged effectively by academic librarians to provide high-value consultancy for scholar-editors of open access research journals.	1
Fourth, although the visual representation of our network analysis results is unique and useful, condensing a large number of relevant variables into one clear diagram was challenging.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, currently there is no scientific and comprehensive analysis of ED in SM research field based on quantitative and statistical perspective.	1
Each of these elements is taken as a separate level of analysis, beginning with the broadest one (countries) through cities, to finally the institutions.	0
Firstly, it provides a novel empirical explanation of the causal effects of scientific innovation on societal practice and the complexity of its influence, offering a reference point for formulating scientific policies and identifying innovative effects.	1
5 The majority of articles in some journals, such as Spatial Vision and Behavioral and Brain Sciences, are not cited often, but a few articles from those journals are highly cited, which leads to an immense increase in the mean citations per year needed to achieve the 99th percentile ranking.	0
Twenty five components, or factors, extracted by PCA from the co-citation structure of 403 articles.	0
We are indebted to Jacques Mairesse and Paula Stephan for their invaluable advice.	0
We propose a novel conceptual framework to capture the degree of specialization versus interdisciplinarity within a research field, leveraging data-driven co-clustering on the affiliation network between scholars and journals;	1
This content downloaded from 128.122.230.148 on Wed, 20 Jan 2016 18:06:21 UTC	0
1274 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—December 2001	0
One has to keep in mind, nevertheless, that comparing simply the sum of products among scientists may be unfair, because a major international scientific book can represent a hugely higher value than, e.g., several coauthored articles.	0
For an explanation, see Indlekofer and Brandes [2013]; for an empirical example, see Rambaran et al.	0
Third, by examining the moderating role of government assistance, we reveal the advantage and disadvantage in the transformation of facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation into research productivity, which complements and builds on prior studies on interdisciplinary research.	1
The study also investigates self-citation percentage of research articles published from the twenty leading research countries of the world and across the continents.	1
Number of papers not assigned to one of the 22 categories.	0
This new methodology aims to facilitate the work by automating various routines, not requiring the user to understand spreadsheets management, R programming, or even downloading any software, besides being freely accessible.	1
On the one hand, these studies typically consider only descriptive variables such as age, country, institution, productivity, etc.	1
Funding for the work was received from the UK Economic and Social Research Council.	0
This PCA-based approach can provide a complex view on the research performance characterized by various metrics.	1
After this, a more structured interviewed was implemented, prioritizing three basic topics that eventually lead to many interrelated ones:	0
The method proposed in this work aligns to the second category.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 9 times since 2017*	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Second section describes the hypotheses, while third section provides details on the dataset.	0
To address this gap, as well as to complement and advance previous works, we aim to investigate the familiarity and usage of traditional metrics and altmetrics in academia for research evaluation, as well as to analyze the strategies scholars apply to promote their research.	1
This, in turn, provides some hope of moderating the current exponential literature growth.	0
(2015), and the criteria for improved metrics released by Wouters et al.	1
The authors wish to thank Jean-Pierre Robitaille, Yves Gingras, the anonymous reviewers, as well as the audience at the ISSI conference in Madrid, for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
The question was: “What do you use most often to contact this person?”	0
Boxplots with large number of outliers indicate that there are few authors with high collaboration measures	0
The remainder of the paper proceeds as follows: next section presents the data and methodology; the empirical results and interpretations are followed next; Section “Conclusions” presents the findings of the research; and the limitations and some future research directions are discussed in “Limitations and Future Work” section.	0
Our study differs from existing research, which has typically focused on the "buyer" side of contract cheating, by examining academic ghostwriting sellers as the main subject.	1
*Reprint requests: David Glaser, MD, Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, University of Pennsylvania, 3400 Spruce St, 2 Silverstein, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.	0
From the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.	0
This study introduces contextual information (i.e., authors and tags) into the factors that influence knowledge popularity.	1
Section 2 briefly outlines the existing literature on the potentially gendered collateral effects of quantitative performance metrics, and accounts for the persistent gender gap in scientific output, specifying the focus.	0
We achieved this by providing standard graph-based metrics for scientists which demonstrate comparable results to existing count-based approaches and demonstrate positive associations and moderate correlations to the standard bibliometric mea- sures (h-index).	1
The second is that non-mainstream journals are not isolated from mainstream science (knowledge bridging).	1
To cite this article: Julie Rowlands & Susan Wright (2019): Hunting for points: the effects of research assessment on research practice, Studies in Higher Education, DOI: 10.1080/03075079.2019.1706077	0
Therefore, to gain additional insight, issues previously mentioned should be addressed in the business and management fields, particularly in the SM field.	1
We do not include in this step journals familiar to 20% or more in the Garand and Giles study but central to another discipline, that is, American Economic Review, American Sociological Review, and American Journal of Sociology.	0
An important strength of our study is its advanced bibliometric methodology.	1
The main strengths of our proposal for profile assignment are its robustness against the chance of fitting noise, and also its very simple adaptation to any institution, which makes it a highly precise method irrespective of the dataset size.	1
This is not by accident, as the convention is actually intended to communicate to a broad audience each individual's role in the collaboration.	0
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
The data in this article establish baseline aggregate data for academic plastic surgeons, regardless of tenure track.	1
In addition to this, the present research has invalidated the hypothesis according to which SI editors “fill up” issues by accepting substandard papers, as intraissue variance in citation scores for SIs is either lower than or undistinguishable from those of RIs published in the same year and field.	1
The research also provided an understanding of OAIR through the lenses of technology acceptance model (TAM) an extension of the Theory of Reasoned Action (TRA) to explain the usage of OAIR in university libraries in Ghana.	1
The DoFA method is therefore introduced and demonstrated in this article, to support educational research and decision that promote its utility in educational decision-making and research.	1
92 COLLNET JOURNAL OF SCIENTOMETRICS AND INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 2(1) JUNE 2008	0
This study might also inspire other researchers to pay attention to the potential of a two-dimensional approach in scientometrics.	1
The author also wishes to acknowledge the helpful criticism of three anonymous reviewers.	0
This simple criterion seems to work well, in the sense that it generally gives results consistent with researchers' expectations [25].	0
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
The details (Methods) mean, that no refereeing- related (R) tasks are done before a certain time related to the journal- induced timescale has passed.	0
This study aims to fill this blind spot by providing a comparative picture of 12 of the most commonly used ASEBDs.	1
This study provides perhaps the clearest picture to date of high-impact scholars in the social work profession.	1
Kelley School of Business, Indiana University, 1309 East Tenth Street, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA	0
The results of our study provide a base for future studies investigating the accuracy and precision of bibliometric databases and their automatic h-index calculators.	1
The approximation P = 0 makes no sense in the definition of impact, the minimum P-value is 1.	0
This project evaluates the impact of the National Science Foundation's (NSF) policy to promote education in the responsible conduct of research (RCR).	1
The analysis carried out has helped us identify, firstly, the groups of countries that converge together in relation to knowledge production and, secondly, the strengths and weaknesses of countries’ scientific systems regarding the main scientific fields.	1
The percentage of PRd articles by journal will be discussed later.	0
To minimize these limitations, this study adopted an advanced intellectual structure analysis introduced by K?seoglu (2020), which is labeled as the MAK approach (here, MAK represents the initials of Mehmet Ali K?seoglu).	1
In the analysis presented here, we acted on the suggestions of prior researchers and addressed the gaps in earlier findings by empirically determining how any nationally ranked university could move its U.S.	1
For an explanation of the indicator symbols, see the text box below this table.	0
All these studies build on prior real estate journal ranking and real estate research ranking studies that have a temporal context.	0
Our findings offer insights into how extensively retracted papers are mentioned in different online platforms over time and how frequent their critical vs.	1
This article is based on a Cochrane protocol (published on the Cochrane Library Web site: http://www.CochraneLibrary.com for information on our protocol and methodology).	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:380143 []	0
Beyond the idealizations of full convergence common in the literature, we visualize IDR centers as patchworks of research domains driven by diversified research trajectories-some indirectly enabling, others directly generating interdisciplinary knowledge to different degrees.	1
The method is an intermediate counting method that sits between traditional complete-normalized fractional counting and full counting.	1
In this paper, we use the complete career path of the researchers without any time limit imposed.	0
Only one participant indicated that he or she had a background in both disciplines.	0
This introduces the problem of defining sets of equally citable authors or documents, a problem that seems to have stopped or at least paused the often heated discussion between proponents and sceptics of citation analysis.	1
The framework is extendable to other subject domains with little modification.	0
Source of funding No funds were received in support of this study.	0
Received August 14, 2006; Accepted August 23, 2006; Published December 20, 2006	0
To answer the question this analysis seeks to break new ground in exploring the underlying drivers responsible for the exhibited lack of change.	1
The authors are grateful to Dr Leopoldo de Meis by his comments and review of the manuscript.	0
The solid lines in the above plots correspond to coefficient estimates of conditional fixed effects quasi-maximum likelihood Poisson specifications in which the weighted publication output of a collaborator is regressed onto year effects, seventeen indicator variables corresponding to different age brackets, and interactions of the treatment effect with 27 indicator variables corresponding to eleven years before the year of death and prior, ten years before the year of death, nine years before the year of death, ..., fourteen years after the year of death, and fifteen years after the year of death and above (the indicator variable for treatment status interacted with the year of death is omitted).	0
The method used to establish the institutional affiliation of the authors is described in the Data Analysis section.	0
All authors declared there was no other potential commercial, professional, or other conflicts of interest relevant to this article.	0
It is proposed that this model be called the First Law of Funding for scientometrics.	1
In addition, the time window is 1 year in this work.	0
Unlike previous studies, which explain possible differences between the “old world” and the “new world” with the conjecture of epistemological and methodological choices and preferences (Burgess et al., 2016; Sidorova et al., 2008), we do not make any previous assumptions in this regard and ground our work merely on a scientometric analysis of the h-indices of 1713 IS researchers and a statistical analysis contrasting the influence of government expenditure and private sector investments on their academic impact.	1
In this paper, we would like to explore an alternative proxy for epistemic community detection: The recurring author.	1
The names of the members of the committee are not revealed by the Editor.	0
110 european political science: 8 2009 journal publications from politics departments in ireland	0
All in all the negotiation power of the START grantee towards his/her host institution has	0
Use of journal citation reports and journal performance indicators in measuring short and long term journal impact.	0
Further, this paper divides the influence of OA journals into two dimensions: societal influence and academic influence.	1
“Empirical results" section details the results and “Conclusions and discussions" section concludes the study.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
By using this website, you agree to our terms of use.	0
“Empirical framework” section introduces the empirical framework based on econometric models to identify factors explaining the quantity and the quality of science production.	0
A newly created checklist for the assessment of journals elaborated on the principles of the evidence-based criteria was used for analysis.	1
What sets our study apart from other survey work in the area is the use of open questions and qualitative analysis.	1
In this study, we identify the existence of marginals bias that affects inequality measures used to study scholarly citations.	1
The major novelty of this approach lies in the formulation of the second problem, i.e., scientific impact prediction, while the first problem serves to facilitate it.	1
Abbreviations: Vol = Volume; TC = Total citations; Co-cit = Co-citations; B = Book; A = Article; C = Conference Proceedings.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
In this paper, we present an empirical solution to measuring epistemic integration in the ERA.	1
From the Departments of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Antoni van Leeuwenhoek Hospital, and University Medical Center Utrecht.	0
To the best of our knowledge, there are few published citation analyses focused explicitly on authored and edited books.	1
Osorio, Northern Illinois University, Founders Memorial Library 04A, DeKalb, IL 60115, USA.	0
The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s10961-017-9561-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
This study aims to examine the research performance of 38 OECD countries over the past 10 years using multiple MCDM methods with different theoretical backgrounds to measure the research performance of countries, rank them accordingly and test the relationship between research performance and various variables.	1
What this study demonstrates is that delayed OA, which is provided mainly by society and commercial publishers and university presses, is important both in volume and in granting access to highly cited scholarly articles.	1
Using a bibliometric database of OR papers, we established that a scholar’s publications early in their career can be used to predict later-career success and that these predictions could yield statistically significant improvements in the future publication metrics of scholars tenured by top OR programs.	1
From our perspective, gaining further insight regarding these assumptions and the temporal development of E&C during the lifetime of the project can provide insights into how to create conditions that are conducive to E&C (23) in health promotion in general and in physical activity promotion in particular.	1
Received on 23/10/2015, resubmitted on 2/8/2016 and accepted for publication on 22/11/2016.	0
What my considerations should suggest is that, unless the case is made for why these metrics should not be considered, De Marchi and Lorenzetti’s move to introduce in the debate two new proxies seems to be premature and underargued.	1
This set of hypotheses was coined the tilted funnel hypothesis to provide a metaphor for the expected shape of the bivariate scatterplot based on quantity (x-axis) and quality (y-axis).	1
[We did not search PubMed because we needed more information about the papers than is contained therein, notably all the addresses.]	0
Sara:It took me one and half week to see my article online.	0
Specifically, we investigated the association between attitudes and acts of plagiarism and demonstrated from a multivariable logistic regression that the attitude score was an independent predictor of plagiarism practice.	1
Department of Educational Sciences, Humboldt-Universit?t zu Berlin, Unter den Linden 6, 10099 Berlin, Germany	0
We propose a new metric called ‘alt-index', which is analagous to the h-index, but uses altmetrics data to measure both the volume and social media activity of scientific literature.	1
The empirical results show that DI? might be better able than DI? (and also better than the other indicators) to identify disruptive research.	1
Each journal article in this data set has an average of five author keywords.	0
This article proposes a method of building an innovation diffusion tree based on scientific collaboration and explore broadcasting channel and virality channel of innovation diffusion from three aspects: scale, depth, and speed.	1
The method of combining the rescaling method with a dynamic citation network is used to identify expert-selected significant patents earlier.	1
We propose to use P-score as a complementary index to deal with some of the problems presented by citation-based indices such as the H-index.	1
Contrary to what has often been assumed, the gender gap in academic research production is not adequately understood through the effect of gender as a stand-alone variable and gains clarity when we use the 'multilevel approach to gender inequalities' conceptual framework, which enlightens the understanding of this phenomenon as a part of the intersection and reinforcement of individual, interactional, organizational, systemic, and cultural institutional factors.	1
TABLE 1: AVERAGE NUMBER OF VIEWS, CITATIONS, AND JIF OF ALL COLLABORATION TYPES	0
Our main goal was to update the MGF (2007a) dataset with data from more than a decade later and to switch from SSCI data to Google Scholar data, which includes more complete information about book citations.	1
Based on our exploratory study, we identify several avenues for further research.	1
We thank Altmetric for allowing the use of their data (www.altmetric.com).	0
We also compared the individual authors with a chosen reference standard and were able to define five different profile types.	1
Unfortunately, no one has yet done an accurate census of the scientific literature.	0
Our findings confirm that mobility has a strong impact on their international scientific collaboration.	1
As can be seen by the figure there has been a steady increase in both OA journals and articles in Scopus over this period.	0
Here, we present another strategy to discover the most important papers of a research field.	1
These cross-publisher differences suggest that the currently available download statistics, which are supplied by publishers, are not sufficiently reliable to allow libraries to make subscription decisions based on price and reported downloads, at least without making an adjustment for publisher effects in download reports.	1
We will write R for the set of the real numbers.	0
Conflict of interest The author has no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
For simplicity we will not anymore mention W and P as they are considered to be given.	0
Please cite this article as: Vrki?, D., The Journal of Academic Librarianship (2017), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2017.08.014	0
Supplemental data for this article can be accessed on the publisher's website.	0
Different from most articles that focused on specific aspects of urbanization, this pilot study introduce a dynamic co-word network model to profile the overall evolution of CUR's KS.	1
A map detailing the various levels of conflict in the West Asian and North African regions.	0
The new technique introduced in this article could have some implication for the relevant research.	1
“Discussion and conclusion” gives the conclusion of the study and directions for future improvement.	0
First, it has provided compelling empirical evidence for isomorphism as a typical response of universities to their national PBRF systems, through focusing on a case where circumstances make universities particularly receptive to PBRF incentives.	1
We used the most common indices that would allow comparison to the relevant prior literature, with the h index and simple citation and publication counts most widely used.	0
Received: 18 July 2017 / Accepted: 2 August 2017 / Published online: 29 August 2017	0
Eric Zhi Feng Liu, Graduate Institute of Learning & Instruction, National Central University, No.300 Jung-da Road, Chung-Li City, Taoyuan, Taiwan 320.	0
The true motivations of the editor are unknown, but one can speculate.	0
APE introduced MA to his wife, Joanna, and to one of his friends Jacek M.	0
We argue here that synthesis centers play such a unique role in science that continued long-term public investment to maximize benefits to science and society is justified.	1
Although VR or Web-based review has been in existence for some time, only one previous study has compared VR with the traditional FF meeting.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship,	0
1076 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—August 2005	0
A recent editorial in this journal highlighted the increasing pressures on and competition among academic scientists to acquire external research funding (Lindgreen et al., 2019).	0
The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-013-1091-8) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
is the weight of term i in cluster B; and n is the total number of terms.	0
This article updates the Masuoka, Grofman, and Feld 2002 dataset that identified the then-3,719 faculty in political science PhD-granting departments in the United States.	1
The obtained themes were categorized according to the specific objectives and research questions.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Keywords Highly cited papers · Collaboration Medical research · International collaborative papers	0
Here, we address this gap by developing techniques for identifying common patterns in the evolution of fields.	1
Also, we propose a new collaborative approach, making use of expert analysis to deal with the problem of selecting and ranking the most influential or relevant references.	1
The dramatic rise in quantity and nature of citation classics in the past decade may be due to unprecedented advancements in information technology and communication, allowing studies and experiments to be performed, written, reviewed, published, and cited at rapid rates.	1
The simple method presented here can be used to estimate citation impact for journals that are excluded from Scopus and Web of Science; this may be especially relevant for practice-oriented journals that are not designed to be cited heavily (Pech & Delgado, 2020a).	1
But, of course, this study has several limitations that need to be discussed.	0
This case study combines computational distant reading approaches and a qualitative close reading strategy for an explanation of quantitative citation dynamics: While qualitative analysis of text segments is important to validate and enrich interpretations, the focus is on developing exploratory computational approaches and conceptual perspectives specific to the questions.	1
We have shown that the proposed rescaled PageRank R(p) suppresses PageRank's well-known bias against recent papers much better than the CiteRank algorithm does.	1
For ease of reference I use the terms "muffin meeting" and "lab meeting" interchangeably.	0
FIGURE 5 Average number of articles published by year (5-year moving average).	0
R Lyle Skains, Bangor University, John Phillips Hall, College Road, Bangor, Gwynedd LL57 2DG, UK.	0
Under this changed condition, the share of those who maintained their stardom for two periods resulted exactly the same as in Table 1.	0
An extended version of a paper presented at the 13th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Durban (South Africa), 4–7 July 2011 (T.	0
Prior to the current paper, a few bibliometric analyses of highly cited papers in IS&LS was published, but unlike the research presented in this paper, they used different methodologies and bibliometric indicators and did not provide deep insight into the features of contribution.	1
The paper highlights the principal researchers in this field together with their authorship and citation networks on the basis of 714 articles written between 2006 and 2015.	1
In this section, we describe two categories of related works: book impact assessment based on citations and book impact assessment based on content-level mining.	0
Received: 2 May 2023 Revised: 24 March 2024 Accepted: 22 April 2024	0
As information professionals are often asked to contribute their knowledge to assist clinicians and researchers in selecting journals for publication, the authors recognized an opportunity to build a decision support tool, SPI-Hub: Scholarly Publishing Information Hub?, to capture the team's collective publishing industry knowledge, while carefully retaining the quality of service.	1
In section “Literature review”, the main literature addressing the issues of researcher's production is surveyed.	0
?One biostatistics grant was not included in this table owing to heterogeneity.	0
Indeed this study shows that in the current system, larger serials collections mostly lead to larger expenditures for libraries and bigger profits for publishers, but not to more use.	1
The geographical approach offers an opportunity to question this hypothesis at different levels.	1
Acknowledgments We thank all who helped to improve NEViewer by giving us very valuable suggestions and comments.	0
Many papers only provided performance analysis, such as Refs.	1
Acknowledgements The authors acknowledge support of Sonia Gruber and Alexander Feidenheimer in compiling the data and of three anonymous reviewers who helped us to substantially improve our first draft.	0
And of course the extent and relevance of the data obtained through them.	0
Exploring this issue at the level of the publication provides an additional perspective on the phenomenon since a large majority of publications are produced with the support of multiple funders (Yan et al., 2018).	1
This unique confluence of events provides us with a quasi-experimental lever to disentangle the role of sorting from that of training and mentorship, always a vexing challenge in empirical studies of the scientific labor market.	1
The inclusion of non-academic reviewers in 2014 and 2015 was the key change; all other procedures and review guidelines almost stayed the same, providing us a unique opportunity for a comparative study.	1
See Sisk et al., Scholarly Impact, supra note 1, at 104.	0
Our approach allows us to isolate the OA effect from both author-driven self-selection (by studying the exogenously assigned HOA pilot status of articles) and institution-driven self-selection (by instrumenting the HOA pilot status variable).	1
Despite the increasing importance of cross-boundary research collaboration to tackle socio-technical challenges in digital government, little is known about how such research collaboration emerges, grows, and comes to fruition.	1
The reason for the lack of checking is that the intention to link is viewed as more important than whether there was a typo in the URL or if the target had disappeared.	0
Of these, 1,645 did not meet inclusion criteria and were excluded, leaving 4,635 records for analysis (Figure 1).	0
Doing so would allow researchers to have a more nuanced understanding of the impact of various scholars on the development of the discipline of communication.	1
The study will not be published elsewhere in any language without the consent of the copyright owners.	0
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
The BRITE Evaluation Panel, of which I was a Member, concluded as follows:	0
Our empirical methodology makes use of bibliometric data and is based on the identification of patent-publication pairs (PPPs).	1
We address this gap by providing arguably causal evidence on readers' responsiveness to price, or price elasticity of demand, by exploiting a natural experiment in which several leading education journals unexpectedly became free.	1
We thank the participants in our study for giving their time and consideration to the interviews and sharing their insights.	0
This exploration of the sources of convergence involves the development of a new decomposition method that identifies the separate contributions of exits, entrants and quality transformation.	1
A time-dependent centrality metric for disciplinary coauthorship graphs, the "Nobel number" for a discipline, is introduced.	1
They are calculated in a very simplistic manner, and are essentially an attempt to summarize a very complicated issue (publication quality) into one single metric.	0
Therefore, we present the findings of our bibliometric analysis intended to assess important characteristics of the 100 most cited articles that focused on diabetes.	1
The system architecture of the proposed algorithm to measure the citation impact of a specific article in a collection of pertinent articles is illustrated in Fig.	0
In addition, it has contributed to the use of action research as a meta-methodology for evaluating research collaborations as a phenomenon.	1
Figure 1 represents the flow diagram of the included and excluded journals and factors analyzed in the study.	0
This work was partially presented at the Congress of the Continental European Division of the IADR in Thessaloniki, Greece, 26-29 September 2007.	0
The most important partners (thirty) of China in 1994 (publications number; two different scales)	0
This section presents the slopes and correlations resulting from regression lines fit to each of our 23 data sets under various analytic options.	0
Both indexes can bring a non-biased view of the quality of research work based on publications and their citations.	1
For this reason, a novel method was developed and employed to semi-quantitatively evaluate the evolutionary pattern of clusters of coauthors.	1
The strategies consist of an Institutional Guideline that requires adequate marketing, policies, software and staffing.	1
Third, we proposed a time-varying returns model, which proved to capture the temporal distribution of firms’ technological breakthroughs more accurately than two state-of-art dynamical models.	1
They are spelled-out in full in Table 1, on the case of the Salton's cosine dendrograms which are presented in Supplement 1.	0
To cite this document: Jiming Hu, Yin Zhang, (2017) "Structure and patterns of cross-national Big Data research collaborations", Journal of Documentation, Vol.	0
(1) A better assessment—for research contribution by individual scholars in a given field that considers co-authorship and the prestige factor.	1
The examples below represent only a fraction of all the possibilities.	0
We provide structured recommendations to address these concerns and to reduce the risks that arise when retracted research is inappropriately cited.	1
Therefore, we propose a new metric, namely the SpatialLeaderRank, to incorporate the spatial features into the measure of research leadership.	1
In this way, our work highlights that restricted diffusion in science can effectively capture socio-epistemic bubbles.	0
* Source: Editorial and publication delay of papers submitted to 14 selected Food Research journals.	0
We can and must do better, lest we resign ourselves to “intuition-based policy" when making decisions and investments aimed at driving scientific progress.	1
I believe this is the first systematic study exploring these issues.	1
This study provided a descriptive quantitative mapping of the current status of OA among institutions in the country, but there is a lot of valuable information that our institution-level survey-based study was unable to catch.	1
* Corresponding author at: College of Human Sciences, Department of Information Sciences, P.O.	0
There are additional possibilities for future research that stem from our work.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=uhej20	0
These differences help to highlight the role of co-authored publications in influencing institutional rankings.	0
This study is the first to provide an overall perspective of hotspots and trends in the research on AI in the cyber security domain.	1
Note that here k is used as the index of the citation sequence, as i, because of its historical legacy, is traditionally used as the notation for impact.	0
We thank Carolina Seas for her assistance with the literature and manuscript preparation.	0
However, to date there has been little research from the burgeoning scientometric and bibliometric fields exploring the role of multiple institutional affiliations on scientific output (Hottenrott & Lawson, 2017).	1
It is concluded that the identification of the behavior pattern of each author (both at the inter-author and intra-author levels) is necessary to increase the precision and usefulness of disciplinary analyses that use AutLMs, and thus avoid masking effects.	1
Many of these disadvantages could be reduced by adopting a tiered performance approach, using frontier estimation, to produce groupings rather than specific rankings.	1
Number of publications (bars) and citations (solid line) on think tanks between 1985 and 2019.	0
Thus, whether the titles of academic works differ across genres has not been addressed (Gesuato, 2008; Soler, 2011).	1
A digitally transformed 'fail fast' workflow for publishing research findings.	1
Here, I show that the utilization of scientific literature follows dual tendencies over time: while a larger proportion of literature is cited at least a few times, citations are also concentrated more at the top of the citation distribution.	1
This paper presents the first components of a novel monitoring system for monitoring such organizations.	1
This study contributes significantly to the literature on university research management.	1
Mudd Building, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089-1061; e-mail: GATZ@USCVM.	0
From the theoretical point of view, we present a new angle in studying collaborations, which aids the understanding of the formation and development of collaborations.	1
The study put forward a ground idea and attempted to avoid these bias by introducing indicators and comparing pairs.	1
Received 15 August 2019; Revised 21 November 2019; Accepted 29 November 2019; Published 8 January 2020	0
This represents the average of the differences, in absolute value, of all possible pairs without repetition.	0
Theoretically, the study has showcased evidence to extend the McClelland's Human Motivation Theory from three attributes to include another key attribute which is Avidity.	1
Predatory journals are rarely indexed in bibliographic databases and only the very largest publishers provide DOIs that enable discovery by Google Scholar.	0
This new inclusion was to allow the funding bodies to: ‘identify and reward the impact that excellent research has had on society and the economy, and to encourage the sector to build on this to achieve the full potential impact across a broad range of research’ [3].	1
* indicates significant difference in this category at P > 0.05 and NS indicates no significant difference existed within a category	0
However, the relationship between economic complexity and scientific productivity remains little explored so far.	1
The aim of the presented paper was to produce a snapshot of cybernetics information source production using bibliometric analysis.	1
Tel.: +32 16 32 22 42; fax: +32 16 32 28 31.	0
Critical revision of the manuscript for important intellectual content: Weber, Katz, Callaham.	0
This article developed a bibliometric overview of climate change research to address two main limitations of existing analyses of this kind in an integrated fashion.	1
Relative importance index comparing the perceived importance and the actual performance of IRs (rank is based on the gap).	0
This paper tries to advance the debate on scholarly publishing and the impact of bibliometric indices on the evaluation of research and its authors.	1
1 Glorious Sun School of Business and Management, Donghua University, Shanghai, China	0
Analyzing the metric properties of ques- tionnaires can open up new possibilities for validating instruments used to measure research impact.	1
Notably, research specifically addressing gold OA within the Malaysian context remains limited, making this investigation particularly timely and valuable.	1
Received 6 April 2023; Received in revised form 7 June 2023; Accepted 13 June 2023	0
Our goal is to show that the ignorance of quality censoring may be behind a zero probability of payment for the reviewer.	1
To provide such evidence, this paper breaks from traditional journal ranking methods (e.g., citation analysis or surveys) and focuses on the behavior of the most prolific financial researchers.	1
The solid bars indicate the coverage of our publication data; AVI 2002 is missing.	0
This study builds on Musselin's approach by including macro-discourses when studying selection criteria, which has not been done before.	1
In this article we extend the SIAMPI approach to other fields than social sciences and humanities (De Jong et al.	1
This study explored the impact of a set of peripheral factor related to author-selected keywords on citation counts.	1
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the manuscript and its Supporting Information files.	0
Even worse, the beneficial effect increases the more authors the paper has initially.	1
This content downloaded from 185.44.77.82 on Thu, 12 Jun 2014 12:29:19 PM	0
It is not our aim to argue on theoretical grounds in favor of one of the two normalization mechanisms.	0
Seconds, the threshold in the new criteria pertains with the coefficient k determined by disciplinary citation density.	1
In a novel approach, Uzzi, Mukherjee, Stringer, and Jones (2013) used co-citation analysis to characterize a subset of highly cited articles with respect to both novel and conventional combinations of prior research.	1
Mellon Foundation, which is the source of many information technology grants.	0
This unique approach to bibliometric analysis warrants further testing of the concepts of persistence, reach and dissemination.	1
Therefore, this study focuses specifically on the generational changes in work experiences and knowledge transfer experienced by academics in STEM fields in Korea.	1
We have provided the first ranking of MOT centers of excellence in 17 years, finding stability and change in the process.	1
We introduced a synthetic randomness index, defined as the relative ratio of the variance of the random component to that of success, and investigated its values across different domains.	1
Author's address: Institute for Research in Social Science, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Manning Hall 026A, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514, USA.	0
Apart from using clustering techniques to establish research clusters in the Business domain, we apply a refined PageRank method by differentiating between the citation types to enable a cross-sectional evaluation of the selected journals.	1
Acknowledgements: I would like to thank Emmanuella Asabor, Vanessa Bittner, Patrice Collins, Demar Lewis, Chloe Sariego, Philip Smith, and Anne Taylor, all at Yale University, for their helpful feedback on earlier drafts of this article.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
However, there is still an important lack of knowledge about the conceptual relationship between citations and references (Wouters, 1999) as well as about the referencing behavior of researchers at the individual level (Nicolaisen, 2007).	0
6 As an efficient mechanism to compute centrality in fairly large networks with thousands of actors an adaptation of the algorithm of Brandes [19] that also computes closeness is used.	0
* Genetic Engineering News is published by Mary Ann Liebert Inc.	0
We have expanded the existing theoretical explanation for inter-organizational research collaboration by introducing the concept of inter-organizational diversity and providing a distinct way to measure it.	1
Therefore, an investigation into and comparison of the approaches taken by academic libraries at these two types of institution could potentially reveal some best practices or strategies that could be adopted more widely.	1
JOURNAL OF LIBRARIANSHIP AND INFORMATION SCIENCE, 38 (4) DECEMBER 2006 221	0
An intervention to improve the reliability of manuscript reviews for the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry.	0
The organization of the rest of this paper is as follows.	0
Agent-based modeling is an efficient way to study complex systems (Chhatwal and He	0
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: A grant was provided by the University of Queensland to fund this research.	0
Compared to the study of Lariviere and Gingras (2010), our study makes the following improvements.	1
However, there were no related systematic literature pattern analysis about communication education in veterinary medicine in the past two decades.	1
P(g1 = g2), where P(g1 = g2) denotes the probability that g1 is equal to g2.	0
Protocol registration and, in particular, Registered Reports are an ideal step in this direction.	1
Accordingly, much attention has been paid to the bibliometrics analysis of Chinese publication records recently, among which Ronald N.	0
I would like to see a return to a handful of submissions per department, albeit this time supported by a set of metrics of the department's choosing.	1
This paper provides visual displays of the optimization analysis as well as suggestions to enhance the subject directory of this portal.	1
They come as a complement to what is already known, and an examination of the influence and extent of this literature is even more beneficial.	0
Our study is among the first to systematically analyze the role of popularization media in the management discourse using a bibliometric research approach.	1
Therefore, evaluating the bibliometric features of theses made in the field of orthopedics and traumatology after 2000 would be more guiding for researchers to determine the current research topic trends.	1
Our intent here is not to find some quantitative means of rating different countries’ research output or to flag individuals or nationalities for unethical behavior—it is only to give a flavor for the demographics of the authors involved.	0
This paper is structured by following parts: Section 1 is the introduction, research objective and research questions.	0
Fourth and finally, we offer a heuristic list of seven recommendations to be considered when deciding about whom to include as an author of a CS publication.	1
To achieve this goal, we propose an integrated model for discovering LTSTs at a micro level using text mining analysis.	1
This study proposes a novel deep learning-based method to predict the emerging degree of research topics.	1
The second implication concerns the bibliometric evaluation methodology in general.	1
1 (see Supplementary data) displays the profiles by journal subject categories of papers in the three Current Contents databases.	0
In this sample, Child Development ranked 7th in the number of SFTARs it had in its Big Deal, with an average of 1,577.7 SFTARs per year.	0
This study examines the extent of cross-disciplinary accounting research using a self-constructed definitional framework developed from a review of diverse literatures to better understand its meaning and underlying dimensions.	1
N = 68, *, **, *** denote statistical significance at 10%, 5%, 1% levels, respectively.	0
Two metrics are designed, including average knowledge flow and average shortest distance.	1
Our analysis so far confirms that the observed bibliometric distribution patterns in the leading journals in the business ethics area exhibit highly skewed patterns consistent with an underlying inverse power law type of distribution.	0
Despite these limitations, our original study casts doubt on whether it is useful to publish CRs from a purely bibliometric viewpoint.	1
One that focuses on equity brought about by the redistribution of resources from the journal-rich global north to the journal-poor global south.	1
Here a novel approach to determine the proper threshold of edge weights was proposed to help “purify” the large, heterogeneous networks.	1
Unfortunately, the file does not contain information on the date each article went "live" - only that the article is "live" on the date the data were downloaded (which, in my case, was 10/19/2018).	0
Second, in terms of methods, our study presents an introduction to and an example of how to use MTI to explore the funded topics and the diseases of most concern for research projects.	1
Share of PPJ in all research articles in different fields (1999-2008).	0
Actually, Narin, probably becoming aware of these problems, when he started to build his analytic version of the SCI on the basis of the 1973 tape, dropped the project on clustering journals in favor of a more pragmatic approach to delineating subsets of journals.21	0
In this paper, we propose three points to characterize valuable referential papers: first, valuable referential papers always are high-quality research; second, valuable referential papers are closely related to a considerable quantity of recent papers; third, valuable referential papers lead to hotspots which attract papers to follow successively.	1
We asked respondents why they included a perceived honorary author, and this article is first to report such data.	1
In response to the demand for more regional studies of QAPs phenomena, this study seems to be one of the first empirical endeavors conducted in East Asian societies.	1
Largeness tracing of scientists in various countries, as illustrated by the cumulative probability functions k(k) (a) for physics between 1990 and 2012, (b) for mathematics between 2002 and 2008 and (c) for economics between 1995 and 2012 as well as the relative contribution ratios Ro(k) for (d) physics, (e) mathematics and (f) economics.	0
As shown in Figure 1, there are 20 nodes and 840 lines in the co-citation network.	0
Received: 9 July 2020; Accepted: 8 August 2020; Published: 10 August 2020	0
This study was funded by the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL) Dissertation Fellowship, the Rackham Graduate Research Grant at the University of Michigan, and MIRACLE (Making Institutional Repositories A Collaborative Learning Environment) project funded by Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS).	0
This description of the procedure was already reported in the footnote n.	0
This improvement facilitates construction of current literature for researchers.	1
TABLE 1 Classification by year of the JCR IF value of each journal.	0
264 COLLNET JOURNAL OF SCIENTOMETRICS AND INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 9(2) DECEMBER 2015	0
The present study provides a detailed scientometric analysis of research efforts regarding AF globally, as well as for each country individually.	1
I have listed a few that I had the privilege to meet; others could be added, but still they are few.	0
Here we will utilize a recently developed generalization of the SBM method that allows the inclusion of any "tag" information about the nodes (Hric, Peixoto, & Fortunato, 2016) and use it to analyse how much information the predetermined journal categorizations carry about the group structure of the citation networks.	1
Google Scholar profiles can provide a wide variety of research groups with an easy, simple, free, and scalable solution to the problem of tracking their collective scholarly output.	1
The two main new findings of this paper concern the publication and citation impact of MICs.	1
"Related Work" reviews researches reported in literature, “Research Design" describes research structure, research data, and preprocessing procedure, “Methods and Results" discusses data gathering, data comparison, and result analysis, and "Conclusion" presents brief conclusions.	0
They offer a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture with concentrations in food science, food technology, and food and culinary sciences, as well as M.Sc.	0
The research leading to these results has received funding from the European Research Council under the European Community’s Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007–2013) Grant Agreement no.	0
1 Department of Library and Information Science, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan	0
While the next section presents a conceptual framework for our study, “Methods” section discusses the data and methodologies used for our empirical analyses.	0
These institutions did not publish papers in journals whose impact factors were greater than 3.0 during 1994–1999.	0
The following result provides a closed expression for the moment of any order statistics.	0
This is a consequence of the selection of references with a minimum reference count of 10 (see method section).	0
In this work, through case studies of three Italian universities, we analyze the efficiency of the product selection that is intended to maximize the universities' scores in the current national research assessment exercise, the results of which will be the basis for assigning an important share of public financing over the coming years.	1
Aki Hosoi for her contribution to data collection and to Carlie Trott for her assistance with manuscript preparation.	0
Our account is an autobiographical one, as we managed the project, we wrote most reports and we participated actively in meetings, both inside the project and with the European Commission and EUROSTAT.	1
By focusing on Ghana, the study provides unique insights into how researchers in a developing country perceive the benefits and challenges of OA, how they become aware of OA journals, and what factors influence their decision to publish in OA journals.	1
Thus, it can be concluded that the scientific community in the research stream of POM is progressively, if unevenly, increasing.	0
This increase also corresponds to Malaysia's impetus in publishing in ISI-ranked journals in recent years.	0
Furthermore, one of the implications drawn from the results reflecting collaborations among different stages of careers is that advisors of PhD students could provide them more opportunities to collaborate with other experienced researchers, and not limit them to their advisor.	1
L'output en matière de publication des départements de science politique suisses	0
If the fractional counting method is used, each author will have a weight of 1/N.	0
In this study, we design a new method, the citation induced scientific capability identification (CISCI) method, to measure a country's scientific capability from the perspective of the scientific roles the country undertakes in scientific research.	1
Brian Wixted is Research Fellow and Professor Tim Turpin is Director at the Australian Expert Group in Industry Studies (AEGIS), University of Western Sydney.	0
2020b), and our submissions were responsible for all but a few of the retractions, we had the opportunity to analyze the timeliness of publication correction/retraction, and the content of retraction notices in relation both to the concerns raised with the journal and to recommended formats.	1
This is a meta-research project (i.e., a project performing research on research) (Ioannidis et al., 2015) and it aims to offer a first descriptive assessment of this phenomenon that has not received previous attention.	1
To the best of our knowledge, our study is the first to use SNA to understand e-health.	1
Because of its authoritative origins and the presence of references, AHFS DI Essentials is a suitable new source of evidence about scholarly articles that have had an impact on prescribing practices.	1
3 Publication trends for number of total articles and single author articles	0
Thus, the study presents an informative and useful account of research collaboration among the G-20 countries and its impact on productivity and citations.	1
Our analysis deepens the understanding of how academic work is transformed in the context of redefined relations between science and society.	1
Due to all these constraints, this study is only an initial step in a better understanding of this topic.	1
The author gratefully acknowledges the valuable and insightful comments offered by the editor and by two anonymous referees.	0
This new approach allowed to detect 62 URLs of 57 hijacked journals.	1
Keywords Research output Scholarly recognition Citation analysis · Social sciences · Spain · France	0
Note: min = minimum; max = maximum; m = mean; sd = standard deviation; mdn = median; SBM = standard bibliometric measure; EMBO LTF = European Molecular Biology Organization Long-Term Fellowship	0
The unit of analysis in regression models presented below is the individual faculty member.	0
To cite this article: Estela Marine-Roig (2014) A Webometric Analysis of Travel Blogs and Review Hosting: The Case of Catalonia, Journal of Travel & Tourism Marketing, 31:3, 381-396, DOI: 10.1080/10548408.2013.877413	0
In this section, we would like to discuss why it is difficult.	0
It is thus not surprising, then, that the nature and structure of scientific collaboration has received a great deal of attention.	0
Chang and McAleer (2014b, 2014c) suggested the following ICQ to try to evaluate the impact of coercive self citations: “ICQ = AI/5YIF = quality weighted citations/total citations = “quality weighted citations in the past 5 years, excluding journal self citations"/"total citations in the previous 5 years, including journal self citations".	1
One is that we utilized the research output dataset of the whole South Korean universities which considers the size of the university and the co-authors of each publication.	1
Our study aims to use network analysis and gender propensity to identify patterns of collaboration.	1
Combined with expert opinions and reports of IODP, the explanations of research focus of each cluster are listed in Table 6.	0
Table 1 Readability statistics for book chapters written by James Hartley from 1972–2000	0
The results of the forecasting analyses are presented in this section according to the number of publications, number of citations, number of references and number of authors per title.	0
We present evidence that the financial burden of these costs of OAP is distributed unequally across developing and industrialized Western countries.	1
The theoretical contribution of this study is the theoretical framework that has been adapted and tested in this research.	1
We do this by focusing on Denmark, a very strong performer, and examining the long-term relationships in detail using both quantitative and qualitative data.	1
We believe that our proposed renormalization approach complements ongoing initiatives such as DORA and the Leiden Manifesto by addressing the need to counteract excessive publication practices.	1
In this study, we adopt a bottom-up approach and explore the notions of quality held by artists-academics, i.e.	1
Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	0
This paper contributes not only to the understanding of OA scholarly publishing, but is also relevant for research on what drives (academic) data sharing, knowledge sharing, the sharing economy or the open source movement.	1
In this paper, by examining the evolution of seniority and author placement, we aim to provide insights whether teams are trying to become fairer in order to promote a long-term collegial environment.	1
We therefore propose an alternative system based on randomisation as a complement to peer review.	1
There has been no standardized policy for designation of co-authorship in radiology journals.	1
20 Collaborations between India, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Sri Lanka over the period 1973–2007	0
Correspondence to Dr Manoj M Lalu; mlalu@toh.ca and Dr Kelly D Cobey; kcobey@ottawaheart.ca	0
First, this study proposes the use of a new citation-based ranking index, the SA index, which combines the two widely accepted indices of the JIF and the h-index.	1
More important than the actual numbers of papers in the first quarter of the century is the fact that Mexican science showed a continuous, albeit small, presence in the international databases during this period of the greatest political instability in the history of the country, caused by the revolution of 1910–1920.	0
In this article, we develop an author-level Eigenfactor score as a network-based measure of an author's influence within the Social Science Research Network (SSRN).	1
Determinants of institutional reputation in the field of Economics and Business Administration (basic model)	0
Please address correspondence to Michael Levine-Clark, Collections Librarian/Associate Professor, University of Denver, Denver, CO, 80208.	0
By pooling skills and resources, librarians were able to address these questions in depth through marriage of preexisting data with novel bibliometric and data visualization tools.	1
This paper, whilst focused on the attitudes of one discipline native to its author – the social sciences, nonetheless diffuse and composed of multiple sub-disciplines – offers what hopefully is an important starting point in the materialisation of an impact 'road-map' or cartography of impact helping to orient the increasingly mobile and globally itinerant academic both in response to PRFS yet also more substantively in recognising, reconciling and mobilising his/her professional and public role.	1
First, as far as the author can tell, this is the first study that sheds some light on a shadowy and scarcely discussed aspect of marketing academia.	1
This study expands our understanding of the relationship between work experience and knowledge transfer among Korean academics.	1
Furthermore, we propose a new approach for comparing the team formation algorithms.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2021	0
* p < 0.10, ** p < 0.05, *** p < 0.01.	0
This study aimed to fill this gap in the research by proposing that HRM practices applied to personnel in research institutions are potential moderators of the relationship between multidisciplinary research and researcher performance.	1
The vertical axis represents the proportion of male and female staff members in percentages while the horizontal axis shows department positions on the QS list (from 1 to 100)	0
We also gratefully acknowledge the contributions of Irena Tartakovsky, Herschel Alexander, and Ross McKinney, of the AAMC, in the conduct of the alumni survey that was included in the National MD-PhD Outcomes Study, which provided data for this manuscript, and for their helpful feedback on an earlier version of the manuscript.	0
And most such studies are unique for their subject field, which means that authors often have little, if anything, with which to directly compare the results of their citation analysis studies, or must expand the chronological scope to record trends, not just the results from a single time.	0
Ultimately, BMI was created to outline a novel strategy to improve the research productivity of the Department of Anesthesiology of a university hospital.	1
The purpose of the current approach is to complement the information of other methodologies in terms of interactions between the public and private sectors.	1
The insights generated from this analysis are intended to serve as a valuable reference for policymakers.	1
The origin of BA was coined in a systematic viewpoint entitled “A Business Intelligence System" published by Luhn (1958).	0
This study relied on two random experiments to demonstrate the causal effect of inventor status on technology licensing officers' views of the commercial value of university inventions.	1
I want also to thank them for having occasionally saved me from my own foolishness.	0
Reprint requests: Aaron Daluiski, MD, Hospital for Special Surgery, Division of Hand Surgery, 523 E.	0
E Dilip de Silva is Professor of Organic Chemistry, University of Colombo, Colombo 3, Sri Lanka; e-mail: dilip@chem.cmb.ac.lk	0
This was the first study which examined the impact of copublication on the copublishing journals.	1
The interface may be found to constitute a useful tool for analyses of the Scopus publications' presence in different scientific domains, and of the global distribution of the publishing capacity of different countries and regions.	1
Notes: Significant at: *5 and **1 percent; ABSOLUTE value of t-statistics in parentheses	0
We also highlight the major themes discussed in JBR, classify JBR articles into six bibliographic clusters, and present an overview of its content.	1
The aim of the present study is therefore to conduct the first large-scale test of the citing to show-off hypothesis.	1
Keywords Peer review · Editorial process · Publishing · Submissions analysis · Editor workload	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
None of the previous studies analyzed the differences between research areas nor any citation parameters of the documents published in each quartile journals, but only the share of total documents published in each quartile.	1
*Julia Lane is Associate Professor, Department of Economics and Fi- nance, Russ Ray is Associate Dean, School of Business, and Dennis Glennon is Associate Professor, Department of Economics and Finance, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY 40292.	0
1316 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—July 2009	0
1 Forms and syntax of bibliographic references, following the model proposed by (Bertin et al., 2009)	0
Excluding terms would have resulted in a potential bias and decreased the objectivity of the study.	0
To our knowledge, Kazakhstan is emerging as a leader in publication productivity in Central Asia as the result of establishing research and development as one of the major goals of national policy.	1
In this section, we describe the results obtained in the bibliometric study and thematic analysis of the articles published in BiD and AD.	0
This study confirms that over the last 8 years, there has been a shift in SAGES grant funding towards supporting younger researchers such as residents and assistant professors.	1
From this perspective, the results of this study point to new possibilities for understanding the phenomenon of major collaborations in Evolutionary Biology, in addition to enabling an analysis of the possible correlation between the high level of international collaboration and the impact achieved by the publications.	1
Our work deepens the understanding of emergent behavior in research institutions and their role in facilitating collaborations.	1
Our analysis provides an insight to the prevalent areas of study being cited within our field of practice.	1
Third, based on the research of Shrum et al.	1
The findings presented here are based on three broad sets of data, which are woven together to create the narrative:	0
Differences can also arise because of the adoption of a different conceptual framework or theory.	1
in the first and second quartile of journals by journal impact factor in their Web of Science journal category).	1
A larger node size means that the node has a higher number of occurrences, indicating that some concepts and meanings of the words are predominantly connected to the rest of the network.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The first/ last refers to articles where an equal number of self-citations were observed for the first and last authors.	0
She holds a PhD from ESSEC Business School and Louis Pasteur Strasbourg University.	0
In this study, bibliometric analysis was used to reveal the top-100 cited articles of biomarkers in CHD field for the first time, in order to provide an insight on the citation frequency of top-cited articles published on biomarkers in CHD field, to help recognize the quality of the works, discoveries, and the research trends steering biomarkers in CHD field, hoping to provide a reference for future research in this field.	1
To partly fill this gap, the objectives of this study are twofold.	1
No restrictions were made in terms of the language or impact factor of the journal.	0
Copyright of Interdisciplinary Science Reviews is the property of Maney Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
3 Total number of authors in the different Arab countries from 1986 to 2011	0
In this study, we propose an approach for coauthorship prediction based on bibliographic network embedding through a graph-based bibliographic data model that can be used to model common bibliographic data, including papers, terms, sources, authors, departments, research interests, universities, and countries.	1
The last section discusses the results and suggests some potential directions for future research.	0
Additionally, the study provides valuable insights for research assessment and science policy discussions.	1
Second, different from the methods used in the existing literature, this article adopts a combination of quantitative analysis and qualitative analysis.	1
Among all the indicators, Citation Difference, Usage Difference, and Conversion rate are first proposed in this paper.	1
Finally, the current paper serves as an example of how to employ the powerful statistical technique of exploratory structural equation modeling.	1
In addition, compared with z index, and based on an improved Zas-index model of topic-author-citation three-dimensional relationship, some outstanding scholars who are engaged in small-scale or emerging topic research, such as female sports, sports bibliometrics, can be identified to create an objective and fair evaluation environment for outstanding talents in different research fields...	1
As a major output, official national or international research assessment authorities would be provided by a method for better appreciating the usefulness of collaboration and interdisciplinarity.	1
Therefore, in general, effective communication channels and follow-up behavior within the network of influencers is crucial to the diffusion of an innovation.	0
What is currently lacking in the debate is the perspective from active researchers: how do researchers themselves experience the impact of competition for funding on QRPs?	1
The results of the present study clearly indicate that publications by researchers from the Mainland, Hong Kong, and Taiwan in international periodicals remarkably increased during the study period.	1
The key methodological step, unique in studies of collaboration patterns, is the determination of what we term an “individual publication portfolio" (for the decade of 2009–2018) for every internationally visible Polish scientist.	1
Acknowledgements This paper benefitted greatly from reviews by Theresa Velden, Andrea Scharnhorst, and two anonymous referees.	0
Note(s): Answers given on a 5-point Likert scale (1 strongly disagree to 5 strongly agree)	0
Received June 5, 2016; revised September 29, 2016; accepted November 26, 2016	0
The purple color at the bottom includes all topics that occurred less than twice across all periods.	0
Since the online version of the Web of Science by Thomson Reuters does not allow users to conduct a keyword search without including KeyWords Plus, another filter, the so-called 'front page' criteria was developed [27].	1
journal editors compete on somewhat like manuscript market by making stakes and risking their money.	1
Next, we developed a new matrix classifying them into three groups: "mature technology," "intermediate technology," and "emerging technology."	1
Despite this growing popularity, little attention is paid other than by bibliometric specialists to errors and idiosyncrasies in individual databases that affect data retrieval and conclusions (Leydesdorff, 2007; Franceschini et al., 2016), or to difficulties in detecting grey literature (unpublished reports, internal documents and theses (Calver and King, 2000)) and books.	1
2007 Nordic Sociological Association Published by SAGE (Los Angeles, London, New Delhi and Singapore)	0
Tony Bates, President and CEO of Tony Bates Associates Ltd, is acknowledged with appreciation.	0
News, we set the default score at 1.5 out of 5.	0
The first eight most popular methods are “general methods” such as Treatment Outcome, Risk Factors, and Follow-Up Studies; therefore, we do not include them in the table below, though all methods are used in our analysis.	0
(C2) Identifies existing relations between scientific impact factors and the assessed research quality in software engineering (SE) studies.	1
Our findings shed new light on Open Access effect on journals and can help stakeholders of journals in the decision of adopting the Open Access policy.	1
Next, Section 3 describes the data that were used in our analysis.	0
Only these 32 subfields were extracted from 174 subfields due to their relation to medical disciplines in hospitals; Delta = difficulty (the easiest to gain higher scores is #1 and the harder is #32).	0
The dual global/national approach pursued by these systems, including China, South Korea, Iran and India, is not always fully understood in papers on science.	1
This is the author's version of a work that was submitted to / accepted for publication.	0
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) which permits any use, reproduction and distribution of the work without further permission provided that if the work is adapted, altered or built upon, the new work is published under the same or similar terms, and attributed as specified on the SAGE and Open Access page (https://us.sagepub.com/en-us/nam/open-access-at-sage).	0
Besides, another research objective of this paper is to introduce the strategy of Granger-causal inference to the field of information science in a step-by-step manner so that future information scientists can apply this method to their own research contexts.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, little study until now has been concerned with the assessment of research productivity in the field of monsoon worldwide.	1
The chief contribution is a heuristic approach to accessing the value and impact of scientific knowledge.	1
To the best of our knowledge, the Health Research Council of New Zealand (HRC-NZ), the Volkswagen Foundation and recently the Austrian Research Fund FWF are the only funders that have used or examined the use of a random selection element in the evaluation process of funding instruments, with a focus on transformative research or unconventional research ideas.	1
Los autores firmantes declaramos que tuvimos participación en la formulación de la propuesta, obtención de la información, análisis de esta y escritura del manuscrito.	0
In the literature, the only contribution published on this theme seems to be that of Abramo et al.	1
Exploring the effect of career age on the prediction results.	1
We appreciate assistance from Alexander Sokolov, Elena Nasybulina, and Angelina Petrushina (National Research University Higher School of Economics, Moscow) in facilitating interviews.	0
Such a reexamination of the data should help to clarify APA's relationship to the many informa- tion media involved in the communication process which begins with research and ends with the in- corporation of research findings into psychological knowledge.	0
We evaluated the relationship between the author order and their research contributions from a novel perspective in comparison with our earlier research.	1
To our knowledge, however, there has been no bibliometric analysis of characteristics and trends of research within the field.	1
While our study evaluated the thematic structure of physical therapy over a shorter time period (i.e., 30 years) compared to previous studies (40-69 years), 4, 12-14 ours is the first study to use a physical therapy-specific database (PEDro) to define a large (N=29,090) pool of articles.	1
Author contributions All authors contributed to the study conception and design.	0
The current research investigates the contribution of Iranian researchers in predatory open-access journals in 2014.	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
We also thank anonymous referees for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
This analysis is done for the first time for PICMET papers since it had not been carried out in the previous two bibliometric analyses [12], [13].	1
The present study showed the importance of filtering out nonessential citations before assigning weight in a weighted citation analysis, which may be a significant step forward to realizing these promises.	1
In response to the need for more precise indicators for comparisons of international scholarly impact between fields, this article introduces two new methods that reduce the variation in citation data through normalisation.	1
This article provides the first overview and analysis of the citation classics published in Deviant Behavior between 1979 and mid 2011.	1
This suggests that prediction models of future academic success could be useful to tenure committees.	1
The following section provides a brief discussion on how research productivity is measured in this paper.	0
Note that none of them are precisely the same, perhaps reflecting government policy for diversity in higher education (Dearing, 1997).	0
The manuscript was written following the Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) reporting guideline for cross-sectional studies.	0
As current bibliometric indicators are not covering various important quality dimensions, we here contribute to developing better indicators for those quality dimensions not yet addressed.	1
Therefore, interest in the COVID-19 issue both in social media and in the academic community will continue to remain alive for a while.	0
Outcome data on the research careers of participants from the above programs are quite limited.	1
Most interestingly, the same does not seem to be the case with citation behaviour which seem to be much stable.	1
The data collected was for the period November 1989 to November 1990.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/1757-2223.htm	0
Additional quantitative data, rating the relative importance of each attribute in different contexts, which are not reported here.	0
This finding supports earlier findings in the literature suggesting that open access training is often not considered an integral part of doctoral student training (Sch?pfel et al., 2019; Panchenko et al., 2021).	1
Table 1 WoS titles mentioned in Wikipedia entries (≥3)—data set A (Spring 2016)	0
However, a bibliometric analysis of BSI has not been done so far.	1
To date, very few studies have looked at the impact of these emails on resources wasted, and none studied the impact on trainees.	1
Ortelbach is Research Assistant, Henkel KGaA, 40589 Düsseldorf, Germany; e-mail: ortelbach@ gmx.net.	0
This study of citation contexts based on articles citing LSBS shows no significant differences in the cited concept categories between NS and SSH citing articles.	1
TP = total publications, TC = total citations, NCP = number of cited publications, C/P = cites per publication, C/CP = cites per cited publication, and ≥ 20, ≥ 10, ≥ 5 and ≥ 1 = number of articles receiving at least 20, 10, 5 and 1 citation(s), respectively.	0
Hereinafter, the term "research paper" will be used to refer to both types of documents.	0
The result of that study is being refereed for publication elsewhere.	0
Our findings show that HBPLE has a growing influence and can be qualified as a classic work.	1
Figure 4: Obtained m Values as a Function of Node Degree	0
This article was partly informed by work carried out on behalf of Universities UK and the Research Information Network as a member of the Working Group producing guidance to institutions on OA funds; but the views expressed here remain those of the author.	0
A logistic regression was used for the Agenda-type (Trailblazer) variable, all others represent OLS regressions	0
The secondary purpose of this research is methodological—to investigate the applicability of a range of existing machine learning and text mining techniques to the problem of content-based citation prediction in general, outside the biomedical domain.	1
Our findings represent the most comprehensive analysis of public health research in India in the current millennium and serve as a reference for the evaluation of future research production metrics.	1
Our model predicts that more prominent scientists will suffer greater reputation loss than less prominent authors following disclosures of misconduct, but not following disclosures of “honest mistakes.”	1
Received October 26, 2011; revised February 5, 2012; accepted February 6, 2012	0
Table 2 Professional age and mean h-index (standard deviation) for sample of 140 epidemiology faculty	0
This paper concerns the development and use of a new interdisciplinary graphical approach in the statistical analysis of complexity of sentence structure for scientometric purposes.	1
But it turns out that more than labels hold together this fuzzy intellectual domain.	1
In our final analysis, we investigate what incentives administrators could use to retain and motivate researchers (Table 5).	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
However, no similar study has been conducted in the SE literature yet.	1
(f) This is one of the kind study which underlines the bibliometric as well as detailed overview of the fuzzy techniques in big data.	1
Following recent developments in Science and Technology Studies on value production in the bioeconomy, I argue that the concepts of asset and rent are essential analytical tools for getting to grips with the origins of value within academic science.	1
This makes it difficult to observe the effect on citation impact produced by the research guarantor approach.	0
JEL codes: O3, N3, N4, O31, O5, N30, N40, J44, 123.	0
As can be seen, the results are in contrast with what previously suggested in the literature and show that distant-based features are generally not informative enough for correctly distinguishing interdisciplinary from monodisciplinary theses.	1
the largest publisher is the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic (72 titles), followed by Charles University (43 titles)	0
* Cumulative market share of top 250 words (Number of occurrences of the top 250 words/ total number of occurrences in all publications)	0
This is the first paper investigating global scientific production in the field of PET.	1
The redistribution factor (F) thus provides policy makers with powerful new leverage to render the distribution of science funding more equitable (less redistribution) or more meritorious (more redistribution) than is presently the case.	1
Scales generated in this study can be used to measure the extent and pervasiveness of potential perceptual barriers to interdisciplinary collaboration across different scientific disciplines.	1
To be fair, I need to state that the Editor of Radiology has the highest h-index of the 3 of us.	0
The other important aspect of Figure 1 is proofing of the differences in subareas, not only for the humanities, but also for all scientific areas.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/1012-8255.htm	0
The author received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This paper considers for the first time objective, subjective and fuzzy evaluation in IRO evaluation.	1
We build on Swanson et al. (2007) by examining concentration in the top 3 accounting journals (Journal of Accounting and Economics, Journal of Accounting Research, and The Accounting Review [JAE, JAR, and TAR, respectively]), plus Contemporary Accounting Research (CAR).	1
The analysis of this information has led to a comprehensive description of PHO physicians, professional activities, and workplace.	1
Suggestions for future exercises include a pre-appointment procedure for panel members and statistical adjustments for the severity/leniency of raters.	1
The authors declare no conflicts of interest relevant to this topic.	0
To evaluate these documents, a methodology has been used that has proven to be valid to relate scientific production in Scopus and WoS and link it to bibliometric indicators through SciVal and InCites.	1
This study provides an opportunity to consider research performance from a broad and different perspective.	1
A normalized version of the intensity indices is show in Table 7.	0
There are, of course, no universally valid rules to decide how large a sufficiently large population is and what kind of criteria of representativeness should be fulfilled.	0
82nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Information Science & Technology | Melbourne, Australia | 19-23 October, 2019	0
The present study was therefore proposed to analyze and characterize the 100 most-cited articles in neuroscience.	1
We used this approach to determine how often PBs were being utilized in the scientific world, something that has not been done before this current review.	1
As far as we know, this is the first longitudinal study of the evolution of Mendeley data that looks at the increase in bookmarks for a set of articles over time.	1
This work’s contributions lie in analyzing the paper selection process when applying the h-index for research groups, along with a proposal for a new way to select and aggregate those papers.	1
?Department of Chemistry, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa 52242, United States	0
Domains returned by the three search engines compared (r = 0.65, 0.69, 0.83).	0
And only a cynic would suggest that author promotion and tenure and the academy's need to establish rewards are the prime functions.	0
F. AFFONSO contributed to the collection, treatment and analysis of data.	0
(3) What is the disciplinary distribution of seafood cold chain logistics research?	1
It also allows one to determine multiple awakening times for a single SB.	1
This study confirms that it is very difficult to publish clinical work about trauma and orthopaedics in journals with a high impact factor.	1
The paper concludes by considering the value of adding a triple-helix model that brings industry into the university-state governance mechanisms and incorporates bibliometric capabilities needed for a holistic treatment of the retraction process.	1
The innovation we propose is adopting a four step Reviewer Centric Approach - an incentive that would enable and encourage reviewers to do their best.	1
To our knowledge this is the first report to investigate internal editor review by HPE journals and to make transparent a rigorous process such as is undertaken by AM.	1
It can be seen that Agrarian Sciences I is the main area of BABT, with 81 occurrences of publications without redundancy by professors of SSGP recognized by CAPES, differing from the study carried out previously [9], in which it was not possible to identify precisely which area constitutes the main area in the journal's classification, given that the results showed a tie between the areas of Agrarian Sciences I and Food Science.	1
The data provide the first detailed bibliometric characterization of research institutions in Portugal.	1
Вводится общее понятие библиометрического равновесия и предлагается модель, описывающая его частный случай.	1
Papers presented at the annual meeting of AAPOS were no more likely to have been recommended for publication than other manuscripts (p = 0.092, χ2 test).	0
All these works focus on a comparative assessment using different scientometric indicators.	0
Secondly, the heterogeneous networks of bibliographic entities in a research domain are constructed to extract the new features that can reflect the emerging attributes of the research topics more precisely.	1
Hirschman Herfindahl Index (HHI) is used innovatively within the discourse analysis to measure the degree of consensus regarding the definition.	1
Firstly, this study helps to redress the imbalance in research on university research management between developed and developing contexts.	1
Following recent work in the organization theory of science and of pathologies in science, we have made an initial attempt to explore empirically the relationship between collaboration structure (based on retrieved division of labor information) and the likelihood of scientific pathologies.	1
As it is possible to delineate the topic of papers moving along in the same flow it is clear that these migrations are not just random but are valid identifiers of underlying topics hidden in the lexical structure of the document network and not present in the citation-link based one.	1
TABLE 1: The detailed information of the standards mentioned in this paper.	0
The degree of a node is defined as the number of its neighbours.	0
A common reviewer tactic is to delay the response and then comment negatively to stall the publication process.	0
An important shift has occurred from publishing in geographical journals to not only interdisciplinary journals but also thematic specialty journals and major science journals, as geographers increasingly contribute important research findings to disciplines beyond their own.	1
The network map of the countries and institutions is shown in Figure 3C and Figure 3D and the top 10 are listed in Table 1.	0
Our analysis of research success is one of the first empirical tests of personality to both control for a host of other well-known predictors and use a sample composed exclusively of working scientists.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0) which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Therefore, this section only mentions the major points about performance calculations, and further details can be found in the earlier studies.	0
In this study, we present findings on the correlation between the number of references and that of citations of papers in three top AI-related conferences focus on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (Computer Vision, and Pattern Recognition, CVPR), Machine Learning(the International Conference on Machine Learning, ICML), and the inter-disciplinary data science(AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI), respectively.	1
Arguably, how- ever, a comprehensive assessment would require the consideration of at least six distinct dimensions of journal quality.	1
For example, if there is a hyperlink on page Z that points to page X, then page X has an inlink.	0
These tweets could not be replaced with more relevant ones as no other tweet received 15 or more retweets.	0
Analysis was carried out using Microsoft Excel and SPSS/ PASW version 21.	0
The plot obtained in this study, as shown in Figure 2, is similar to the typical Bradford-Zipf plot that has a characteristic smooth S-shaped curve, with the final droop portion lying below the linear portion of the curve.	0
Received August 5, 2014; revised September 6, 2014; accepted September 7, 2014	0
A bibliometric analysis of BRFSS, which had never been done on a large health survey before this article, provides insight about BRFSS data users, the research they are conducting, and where and when these studies are being performed.	1
Our study shows excellence policies indeed have a broader effect on the science system than only for these extraordinary researchers, but not in terms of a better performance.	1
Our population model is inspired by previous studies of human communities of different scales, and the basic branching process model, a key theoretical foundation for previous studies.	1
Third, this study not only analyzes almost all GRIs in Korea but also conducts research at the institutional level.	1
This work has been partly supported by the Spanish administration (TEC2008-06692-C02-01 and TSI2007- 66869-C02-01).	0
Our results suggest that the current approaches to research training for psychiatrists have not substantially altered the number of physicians in departments of psychiatry receiving an individual NIH career development award from 2013 to 2022.	1
This model can be run in conjunction with an approach based on completed time series, i.e., incomplete time series are treated statistically as missing-value problem.	1
The present paper also offers a comparison with 17 European countries as well as with the world average, offering the perfect benchmark to compare the status of gold OA in these countries.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(12):2580–2595, 2015	0
Manuscript received June 18, 2019; revised November 14, 2019; accepted February 11, 2020.	0
Submitted November 19, 2020; accepted April 22, 2021; published September 2021.	0
The trade literature suggests to add origin and destination fixed effects to the analysis (e.g., Helpman et al.	0
Despite the availability of these online bibliometric readouts, work has not evaluated these measures for COP with high research intensity on a federal level (defined here by NIH funding).	1
General statistics on publications for seven authors (A1 to A7) as extracted from Google Scholar.	0
As we will describe, these analyses identified unexpectedly high proportions of human gene research papers with wrongly identified nucleotide sequences in two high IF cancer research journals.	1
These represent the share of each university given the sum of inputs and outputs, respectively.	0
Open-access publication is the newest business model in medical publishing.	1
The paper ends with a section of conclusions and future work.	0
We wish to stress that our survey is limited to the USA.	0
1 Means of the bibliometric parameters according to the academic rankings	0
Conflicts of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
2 Nonrigorous scientific terminology is typical of the whole NS/NT [19].	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Acknowledgements The present study is an extended version of an article (Zhao et al.	0
We are grateful to Steve Hand for his comments on an earlier version of this paper.	0
This resource includes a comprehensive listing of nursing journals, newsletters with helpful guidelines for writing and publishing, and much more.	0
Social network analysis comparing researcher collaborations in two cohort studies ?	0
Finally, this study provides or serves as a template or framework for future studies seeking to provide similar normative data for other domains and fields of academic scholarship.	1
In comparing scholars with different seniority, we further calculated another performance analysis metric, m-quotient [19], which can be defined as the ratio of h-index to the number of years since the researcher’s first publication.	1
Despite the research discussed above, which often covers short time periods, limited numbers of countries, and focuses on other issues, no study has systematically investigated the relationship between citation impact and publication quantity at the national level.	1
The strata should be mutually exclusive: every element in the population must be assigned only to one stratum.	0
This is the largest and most in-depth investigation analyzing predictors of citations for neurosurgical published literature.	1
t = number of years of work of the researcher in the period under observation;	0
All verbatim excerpts from the interview transcripts are referenced with a participant code and the date of the interview.	0
A comparison of regions and countries as sources and utilizers of knowledge allows us to examine their balance of knowledge flows with Brazil, an analysis that reveals highly contrasting profiles and trends.	0
One can look at this almost new emerging field of psychology through different perspectives including scientometrics (and similarly bibliometrics).	1
Our proposed approaches help to identify expert panel members who have closely related expertise on the topic of the research group.	1
In this subsection we briefly present the contributions of this paper.	0
We first discuss the studies related to our study, giving attention to the formation of interdisciplinarity, keyword evolution, and JA.	0
3 Institute of Economic and Cultural Geography, Leibniz Universit?t Hannover, Hannover, Germany	0
Note, however, that this is a study of how social relationships and intellectual affinities are related to intercitation within a densely knit and mutually aware in-group.	0
The publisher shall not be liable for any loss, actions, claims, proceedings, demand, or costs or damages whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with or arising out of the use of this material.	0
The results of this study support the idea that adaptations must be made to the classical peer review system in order to adequately evaluate technological production.	1
One thing that is impressive, though, is the growth in numbers of total references per month, which were 129, 264, 1889, 4613, and 6909 for the five decade years, respectively.	0
the Council Committee on Chemical Safety will conduct a symposium on "Uniform Identification Systems for Hazardous Materials."	0
Much has been written about scholarly communication with studies investigating the drivers for research and publishing.	0
Freely available articles located uniquely by search tool (number of articles above each bar).	0
Impact of Coronavirus Outbreaks on Science and Society: Insights from Temporal Bibliometry of SARS and COVID-19.	0
This work was supported by the Science Development Foundation under the President of the Azerbaijan Republic – Grant № EIF-2011-1(3)-82/07/1.	0
To the best of our knowledge, there is no existing benchmark dealing with the error detection in the biomedical literature.	1
(The acceptance figures reflect articles as “Comments” and “Replies” also, since these too consume Journal space.)	0
With the information of papers’ publication time, such Matthew effect can be observed directly as follows.	0
Our findings have important policy implications as they indicate that scientists' career design may be at odds with the way science is produced, and suggest a complete reform wherein reproduction of Leaders is not the only model of success (Milojevi? et al., 2018).	1
The next section is devoted to the definition and study of two new measures of indirect impact of a researcher (journal, topic, ...) based on the single publication H-index.	0
We have also identified a number of misconceptions that students have concerning key research ethics concepts.	1
Developing an asset-based analysis of the REF, we will argue, provides a key means for understanding the processes through which UK higher education institutions are now governed.	1
Nevertheless, we think that publication is a useful indicator of trends in scientific innovation that may culminate in new drugs.	0
An information-theoretical test is proposed at the level of organizational addresses within each nation; the results are mixed, but the international dimension is more important than the national one in the aggregated sets (as in the Science Citation Index).	1
Stephane J Baele, Department of Politics, University of Exeter, Amory building, Rennes Drive, Exeter EX4 4RJ, UK.	0
Therefore, in order to explore spatially and temporally the nature and evolution of the key topics in the scientific literature focused on (paleo)glaciers in Patagonia in past decades, as well as the characteristics of the related scientific community, we introduce a comprehensive bibliometric analysis based on specialized software in tandem with individually-checked articles retrieved from the Web of Science (WOS) database.	1
In this way, the high number of citations in the top range not only is taken into account but the evolution of the citation counts of highly cited articles also is incorporated, which means that an increase of the citation count of the publications in the g-core (i.e.	0
Ethical issues (Including plagiarism, informed consent, misconduct, data fabrication and/or falsification, double publication and/or submission, redundancy, etc.) have been completely observed by the authors.	0
Although these six dimensions of journal quality are grounded in previous research (see "Predatory journals and journal lists," below), they extend beyond the attributes considered in most ratings or rankings of academic journals.	1
Going beyond what has been discovered in a previous study that women's involvement in patenting is lower than their male peers in nanotechnology, the empirical evidence reported here suggests that the gap to women's disadvantage was smaller in nanotechnology than in the overall tech area in the studied period.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
It is of utmost urgency to identify the main obstacles to the further development of DM.	1
Among quantitative intellectual content analyses of LIS research, the study is unique in its scope: length of analysis period (50 years), width (8 dimensions covering topical content and methodology) and depth (the annual batch of 30t scholarly journals).	1
Hence, different from the raw number of citations that simply counts the number of times a paper has been cited by other papers (as shown in Figure 1(a)), in this article, we explore direct citations between citing publications (DCCPs) by defining an ego-centred citation network for each paper (shown in Figure 1(b)) and by considering the citation relationships: (1) between the paper and its citing papers and (2) between a paper's citing papers.	1
This plot also indicates the average number of years that an author usually takes to start contributing to the ith field.	0
The following sections will detail how the sample size was calculated, how data was collected and analyzed, and how limitations were addressed.	0
The fractional Jensen–Shannon divergence led to a superior discrimination of the emerging patterns.	1
Please remember that these are for one-third of each year (January through April).	0
Received: 2 October 2021 / Accepted: 23 June 2022 / Published online: 11 July 2022	0
The research findings are subsequently presented, and a discussion is rendered.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
However, all things are rarely equal, and it will serve us well to remember that impact factors are heavily influenced by subject field, document type and journal size (Mabe and Amin, 2000), by numbers of citations (Egghe, 1988), and by research level, shifting fashions and publication policy (Lewison, 2001) as well as by absolute quality, whatever that means.	0
Keywords Scientific collaboration · Bibliometric · Hong Kong · Mainland China	0
Scientific collaboration networks among countries with articles published with Cuban researchers.	0
3 Scatter plots with Pearson correlation (r) of the position of the most successful week in artist careers (W?) with W2, W3, W4, and W5, respectively.	0
Bernardi received a PhD in Accounting from Union College in 1992.	0
The relationship observed between peer review scores and bibliometric output lays the groundwork for establishing a model system for future prospective testing of the validity of peer review formats and procedures.	1
“Openness" is defined in broad sense integrating Open Access and open scholarship to comprehensively reflect individual academics' views in the transitional landscape of academic publishing.	1
The present study confirms this trend by using a more detailed bibliometric search method, including an additional 4117 non-anaesthetic journals, which have been considered as important [7, 8].	1
Here Hu,v is the expected time/step for random walk from u to reach v and πv is the stationary distribution weight of v under the following random walk condition:	0
The main purpose of this work was to introduce an automatic way to identify, from the citation network, the rediscovering paper that rediscovers the sleeping papers.	1
Unlike the Y-index, the present study uses distinctive and simple methods that have been applied in practice but not tested in theory, called first/corresponding author full counting and first/corresponding author fractional counting in this paper, to give guidance about the dominant players who have reputations in the field.	1
This study aims to offer the first piece of evidence towards this endeavor by analyzing the ratio of keyword matchedness between accepted NIH research grants from 2008 to 2015 and their funded publications.	1
The other contribution is verifying different thematic patterns of the traditional citations and Twitter citations involving information science.	1
This study differs from those mentioned above, on one hand, by the number of indicators considered and, on the other, by the features presented by the applicants.	1
Webster's 10th Collegiate Dictionary defines the word duplicate as meaning “identical," whereas editors frequently use the term much more broadly when referring to manuscripts.	0
Our study establishes a framework to evaluate the thematic structure of physical therapy interventions reported in the literature.	1
I contribute to the explanation of the scientific article's features in terms of both the principal-agent theory and the sociology of science.	1
Subsequently, the investigation delves into the intricacies of Ukrainian academic journal publishing, encompassing a historical overview, the contemporary national reality, and quantitative analyses.	0
The aim of the present study was to comprehensively investigate the movement of intellectual resources and academic ideas across countries in both the real and virtual worlds, exploring the potential means of knowledge dissemination.	1
Panama is a small Central American country for which apparently there are no specific scientometric studies.	1
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; FH, first author h-index; IQR, interquartile range; JIF, journal impact factor; nAuthArt, total number of authors on article; nAuthDiff, nAuthArt-nAuthPost; nAuthPost, total number of authors on poster; nDays, number of days from presentation to publication for days > 0 only; p, p-value from Spearman's correlation; p?, p-value from Wilcoxon rank sum test for independent samples; SH, senior author h- index; *, significant for p-value <0.05; **, significant for p-value <0.01.	0
Building on previous research (Yeo and Chien, 2007), the authors of this paper developed an evaluation scheme to evaluate the seriousness of plagiarism by counting the number of plagiarized words.	1
This case study provided insights into some of the issues involved in promoting ORCID registration at an academic unit where publishing models and approaches to scholarly communication could be labelled as traditional.	1
We will also recall a set of bibliometric indices which are frequently used to summarise citation sequences into just one number.	0
The two most widely cited studies use data from the late 1960s and early 1970s and measure productivity by using variables related to publishing activity.	0
Table 1 shows that women in the fields of “stem cells” and “medicinal plants” respectively with 65.5 and 63.69 % of all productions have more contribution in the development of knowledge boundaries and in the subjects of “aerospace” and “new & renewable energies" respectively with 6.93 %, 6.98 % of all scientific outputs have less contribution than the other fields.	0
Michael Crow is associate professor of management and director of science policy and research at Iowa State University.	0
This paper explored publication practices of GHR researchers, a field where sharing of knowledge is inherent to its mission of equity in healthcare and essential to its collaborative nature.	1
In the further section we take an innovative approach to exploit the normalization potential that is intrinsically expressed by power laws, successfully applying the approach to the performance assessment of Italian universities.	1
The authors are with the National Institute of Informatics, Tokyo, 101-8430 Japan.	0
Our study reveals new and wide inconsistencies in the quartile methods and benchmarks which should be taken into account, even when one resorts to using them as a “necessary evil”.	1
This is the first study conducted at macro level clarifying countries’ contribution to the APC model—at individual and scientific-development levels—as the ultimate result of the interaction between authors’ willingness, the model affordability, and publishers and funding agencies’ support.	1
1 the h index and the number of citations as a function of time for two prominent physicists: a theorist and an experimentalist.	0
Histogram showing the number of correct exam answers for honest and cheating participants in the online exam.	0
The proposed method provides a foundation technique for future evaluation of innovation in research papers.	1
Taylor & Sheila Slaughter (2019): Trustees in Turbulent Times: External Affiliations and Stratification among U.S.	0
It is the first study to provide insight into lottery-based decisions in the context of the evaluation of junior fellowship applications.	1
In addition, we find that North America has become apparently less effective since 2010 in transferring capacities for conducting ground-breaking research from one generation of scientists to another.	1
Received 4 November 2018; Accepted 28 February 2019; Published 1 April 2019	0
Unlike traditional DEA models, the NDEA employed in this study captures the interconnections between internal economic activities, offering deeper managerial insights into the performance of the production process.	1
A2: a fundamental work brings about a group significant subsequent research	0
IF 2010: impact factor in 2010 JCR, TP: number of total articles	0
In this study, we contribute to narrowing the gap in the literatures on atypical research combinations and interdisciplinarity and on technological emergence by employing a recently developed bibliometric indicator of technological emergence (Porter et al.	1
Also this study considers the number of projects in each category, but this information is not considered as relevant as the amount of public funds obtained because the number of projects can be conditioned by the size of the research groups in each research centre.	0
However, the role of the reviewers is advisory, and the editor of the journal usually has no formal obligation to accept their recommendations.	0
Even though there were several rises and falls, the overall trend is that the number of	0
Our conclusions further expand the boundary of legitimacy in institutional theory, and clarify the potential inapplicability of scale advantage in scientific research, which can provide an important reference for policy makers and university administrators to improve human resource policies.	1
In this article, we study an author's citation curve and we define two new areas related to this curve.	1
This is the first study to measure concentration degrees of book and journal literature by different concentration indicators.	1
In our current comparison of h-index across Radiology journals, we found that the editorial board members of higher IF journals had significantly greater h-index values than those of the lower IF journals.	1
In other words, it is unclear whether the trends observed in international databases differ from those found in national Chinese databases.	0
Through this measurement method and problem solving approach, it further refines the granularity and comprehensiveness of research methods within the field, providing a more comprehensive explanation for the evolution of research methods.	1
The findings of this paper have important policy implications.	1
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/article/31/2/236/6525023 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 22 May 2025	0
First, this strategy provides a successful model to deal with open web space.	1
The second equation works on updating the trend, which is expressed as the difference between the last two values.	0
The foregoing suggests a different practice with a distinct scope of funding by lottery and a transformation of the kinds of lotteries to be implemented.	1
Additionally, a new metric, the Score Factor, is proposed as a useful alternative metric to assess a journal's impact in the online media.	1
So despite every reasonable effort being made to verify the data collected, because the researcher was not authorized to actually access databases at the libraries studied, it is impossible to definitively verify the actual presence, absence, or correct naming of a database.	0
Trends in number of ophthalmological articles in worldwide regions and from top countries in the three most productive regions.	0
In fact, JOC being top grade channel of research with international recognition makes extra significance to conduct such a study for representing current trends in cryptographic research—hence the quest is pursued.	1
The input and output indicators used in the literature are presented in Table 1.	0
In this paper, we have argued that there are different approaches that can be taken in the construction of a bibliometric network, and in particular we have emphasized the distinction between approaches based on full and fractional counting.	1
Despite the proliferation of these services to scholars and peer-evaluation panels, no data have been published on the citations of kinesiology scholars at various ranks across an academic career.	1
Yu, Department of Anaesthesiology, Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Hospital, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai, China.	0
This would retrieve a set of papers citing at least one article published in the American Journal of Human Genetics and at least one article published in Annals of Human Genetics.	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Stage 1: approval of minimum entry requirements for basic level (level 1)	0
Based on this survey, it is concluded that excluding materials and methods sections and ‘<2% sources’ significantly lowers the accumulated similarity index to what appears to be a more realistic level as well as offering a much more reliable result in terms of hits of intellectual relevance.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
However, little is known yet about Chinese authors' scientific contributions in the field of health care sciences and services.	1
Two improvements are presented: articles located in the leaves are from the last five years, and they are connected to root and trunk articles through their citations.	1
Countries are sorted in descending order according to their staff number before exclusion	0
The findings of this study are good basis for understanding the publishing practices of our community, promoting future discussions as well as supporting the community positions regarding these issues.	1
Mapping the sustainable competitiveness research creates an initiative in the new concept on how competitiveness interacts with sustainable development in the globalisation context.	1
We have presented an ambitious new model for dealing with retractions of studies with bad data, which deviates substantially from the long-established model of professional self-regulation.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 52(1):74–79, 2001	0
Second, this work serves the inaugural exploration into the crucial influence of geopolitics on the interdependencies between semiconductors, AI, and renewable energy generation, hence offering a novel viewpoint to the literature gap.	1
The findings are revealing in exploring the contributions of Muslim majority science systems to global science.	1
The last column of Table 1 contains the number of citations received by the most cited paper that year.	0
First, this study examines potentially different effects of various types of inbreeding on productivity, distinguishing inbreeding at three organizational levels (university, department, and laboratory) and comparing inbreeding with and without external experience (i.e.	1
Since our results are both theoretical and experimental in nature, we will present them in two parts: the first one devoted to the mathematical construction and the second one for showing the data collected about our test example.	0
There are, however, only few studies on such spreading of knowledge available worldwide; in France, there are none.	1
Here is an example record for a Fermilab experiment (E-104): http://inspirehep.net/record/1110215.	0
A remarkable, unintended impact of Taiwan's excellence initiative then points to a converging number of recruits between the two groups of universities.	1
We thank the Institute for International Education and Jerry Murphy for the Fulbright directories.	0
The difficulty with this procedure is that it requires a tremendous volume of information.	0
Keywords Antarctic continent · Bibliometric analysis · Relative growth rate · Financial support Public policies	0
In this sense, the paper not only adds to the existing body of research on gender and performance indicators but also provides important insights into the emerging literature on the relation between gender, research funding and collateral career dynamics (Husu and Cheveigné 2010).	1
That is why we make available all data and code used in the analysis and invite researchers to explore and offer additional insights.	1
This is a preferential attachment process which favors authors by the number of papers they have previously published.	0
Edifix results for the references analysed in this study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
To this end, we developed two different ways of measuring this recognition as guarantor, and applied them to describe the contributions of a large number of institutions to worldwide scientific production.	1
This study further contributes by presenting trends in the primary types of research collaboration tracked over time, including practitioner-researcher collaboration.	1
The present work adds to the knowledge of previous studies to offer a simple and efficient methodology that automatically identifies major sponsors, and their funded research, using keywords.	1
The figure used to be 20, which is probably more satisfactory).	0
Johnson-Shoyama Graduate School of Public Policy, University of Saskatchewan Campus, Diefenbaker Building, 101 Diefenbaker Place, Saskatoon, SK S7N 5B8, Canada	0
In the present paper, we have used a NER model, specifically trained to extract six types of entities described above and conducted an extensive analysis of the great amount of the obtained acknowledged entities.	1
These were carefully reading the ARC 'Advice and Instructions to Applicants for 1991 Research Grants' handbook; consulting with colleagues (either at the applicant's institution or elsewhere); consulting with the university's research grants office (or its equivalent); and carrying out a literature review.	0
Manuel Villalobos-Cid is with Departamento de Ingeniería Informática, Falcutad Ingeniería, Universidad de Santiago de Chile, and the Program for the Development of Sustainable Production Systems (PDSPS), Santiago, Chile (email: manuel.villalobos@usach.cl).	0
(6), the acknowledged citation matrix a(k,l) shown in Table 4 is generated:	0
The higher the journal's impact factor, the better the journal's classification.	0
The first such package was offered by Academic Press (now part of Elsevier) in 1996.3	0
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2020.101113.	0
Nevertheless, Twitter’s combination of brevity and immediacy has made it a popular platform: as of June 2015 there were 316 million active users per month, with 500 million tweets being published each day (about.twitter.com 2015).	0
In the same direction, we believe that this work could be an important step in using advanced analytics and machine learning techniques to explore and elucidate network structure variables.	1
In this context, the major goal of the article is the elaboration of a method to measure the concept of discourse distance between the article and its responsible coauthors in Informetrics to contribute to the evaluation process of the scientific authorship attribution and its order in the by-line, by means of the evaluation of the effective theoretical-conceptual contribution of the co-authors to the new knowledge generated.	1
For abbreviations of diseases used in this study, please refer to Table A.3.	0
Finally, it makes publicly available a correspondence table between the definitions of the WHO International Classification of Disease (ICD-10) and the disease descriptor Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) of the United States National Library of Medicine.	1
This study thus examines, with a bibliometric approach, the trends, patterns and determinants of research productivity at the Technical University in Kenya.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=isio20	0
The final section concludes the paper and outlines directions for further research.	0
The second source of benefit (royalties) is out of the scope of the present study.	0
News outcomes and quantifies the inherent “noise" in the rankings for all nationally ranked universities.	1
Organ., 95, 49–69) on scientific credit mis- allocation, as measured by misalignment between authorship and inventorship recognition in patent- publication pairs.	1
The following section show the main results from the proposed methodology.	0
The academic impact of articles by single practitioners and by academics and practitioners collaborating should not be overlooked.	1
Free-text responses illustrate the struggles some respondents face in terms of childcare during the pandemic.	0
Despite some insightful studies, comparative research on the country's scientific achievements in terms of international and domestic journal publications remains systematically lacking.	1
As is known to all, it may take a long test time to win the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.	0
With this goal in mind we show that there is an intermediate number of manuscript attributes that maximizes the probability of acceptance.	1
Not all queries are listed in the table to make the table simple and avoid complexities.	0
The quality and quantity of vascular surgery research in the GCC countries should be improved to answer important local questions related to vascular diseases.	1
Instead, the ratio of participation is proposed as a research evaluation metric for smaller groups of researchers.	1
OBS : 61 missing cases and 37 citations to the United Nations were excluded from the table.	0
Anthony Eniayejuni is an Assistant Professor of International Relations at Cyprus International University, Mersin 10, Turkey.	0
The history of publication in evaluation has a particularly rich history of collaboration between practitioners and academics.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 233789 []	0
Note: All R, values are statistically significant at beyond the .005 level.	0
On the one hand, the proposed model considers that 1) the high frequency and the wide distribution of a scientific document cited in other documents will result in the high similarity between the citing and the cited documents; and 2) the close location of two scientific documents cited in a scientific document will also result in the high similarity between these two documents.	1
Figure 1 presents the steps followed during the selection of the 119 articles.	0
Before describing the proposed approach, we first give some notations in Table I that will be used later.	0
Acknowledgements The first author would like to thank his assistants in the New Media & Society laboratory at YeungNam University.	0
The curve of the most cited paper will be repeated in the next figure for comparison	0
Analogously in this work, we rigorously measure the effects of revealing reviewers’ identities to each other, on the discussion phase.	1
In the present study we add information to the previous literature by analyzing the power-law correlation between the impact of articles and their coauthorship patterns.	1
Taking these gaps into account, this paper contributes to the existing literature by highlighting and empirically investigating the role of a multitude of factors, on top of scientific merit or quality in a peer review mechanism, that can influence the selection and funding of agricultural research projects.	1
The results presented in this paper, when combined with those discussed in paper one (Wakeling et al., 2017), reveal a complex and sometimes contradictory picture of megajournal publishing.	1
However, despite the acceptance of the structural equation model by academia as a research tool, no study has delved into its scientific evolution and impact.	1
Regenerative endodontics is a relatively new and emerging field of dentistry, and to the best of our knowledge, no comprehensive study of the top-cited articles in the field of regenerative endodontics is available.	1
This suggests that dissemination of radiology research in the clinical realm is progressing.	1
In addition to these data, we include two novel extensions to the gravity model which seem particularly relevant in order to analyse the dissemination of economics research in the last 30 years.	1
As of the day of this writing, and well into the computerized online searching era, the situation does not seem to have changed a bit.	0
In particular, our results provide a more granular understanding of specific indicators used to assess success in science and detail whether these indicators are believed to help advance science, to help fulfil personal satisfaction, or simply to advance one's career without equally contributing to scientific advancement or personal satisfaction.	1
The social sciences are not part of the publication data base and were therefore not included for study.	0
(See go.nature.com/n150int for an interactive version, including references to the six highlighted papers.)	0
It is obvious that a positive value implies citation advantage of OA papers, while a negative value signifies their citation disadvantage.	0
This study provided a set of indicators of 'International Publisher' LLC, including suspicious collaboration patterns; lack of alphabetical order in the author list in certain disciplines, such as economics; similar structure among different papers; and suspicious associations with Russia, Kazakhstan, China, Ukraine, and the United Arab Emirates or a combination of these countries.	1
The use of scripts increases the transparency of the statistical analysis and simplifies replications.	0
There is a clear need for a regional database covering Central American science and its citation.	1
We argue that ordered talk in regular internal meetings is, like shop talk, constitutive of doing science and, moreover, of forming a research team.	1
This case study has revealed insight into how restrictive e-journal access has affected scholars in an academic health and life sciences library from accessing literature relevant to their work.	1
1In addition to the Chinese ("Kanji") characters, Japanese uses two other sets (Hiragana and Katakana) containing phonetic characters.	0
This paper is an original work that identifies the most influential journal papers including highly cited journal papers from CNKI and cited journal papers from SSCI, using citation frequency and standard Essential Science Indicators method.	1
Data absent at the beginning or end of the series were disregarded, however, because hypothetically they would not affect the time-series analysis.	0
Received March 8, 2008; revised May 29, 2008; accepted May 29, 2008	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
The high number of acceptances within a day or week of submission and the number of retractions and withdrawals of COVID-19 papers might be a warning sign about the possible lack of a quality control process in scientific publishing and the peer review process.	1
However, there is no study specifically focusing on the scientific articles published in high-impact journals (HIJs) by Chinese authors.	1
Perhaps the most surprising finding was the complete lack of any publishing ethics documentation, other than author guidelines and one general statement, for journals housed by the American Library Association divisions.	1
Table 1 summarizes the research carried out about LIS by means of quantitative methodology, their sources and the topics they analyze.	0
A new instance-based learning method is introduced to classify papers into a given number of research areas.	1
In this category, the number of persons included is rather small, and the results have less reliability.	0
We also thank Catherine Hu for her hard work in large-scale data cleaning and meticulous validation.	0
By comparing the awardees and successfully elected Fellows against a list of outstanding citation-based top performers in the world, we report a marked field dependence with citation data predicting 0% to less than 40% of the peer-review selections depending on the field.	1
Comparisons of continuous and dichotomous variables were carried out with t tests and Fisher's exact test, respectively.	0
Third, it complements the theory of strong ties.	1
The present work contributes to further clarify this topic by means of a series of analyses on an extremely ample population of Italian academics, using an indicator of research productivity (FSS) that has thus far been applied only in Italy.	1
Our present study contributes to the understanding of the phenomenon of power law behavior of the collaboration distributions for cancer research in India.	1
The vertical axis ‘citation + 1’ is used for consideration of papers without citations to avoid ln(0).	0
This is a dissemination device rather than a type of formal publishing and papers in these may be published in traditional journals.	0
A total of 279 search results were reviewed before reaching 50 articles that met the above inclusion criteria.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
A dual score system that simultaneously evaluates the relative importance of authors and their papers from a given author-paper-citation heterogeneous network allowed us to derive separately an observed or actual citation score for each paper, an expected score for each paper based on the author scores and therefore a relative paper score for each paper.	1
Therefore the average astronomers' output peaked in their mid-40s and they did half of their important work after the age of 50 years.	1
Range = range of citations in a group; N = articles in a category; % = proportion of articles in a category; Peak = peak year for citations; Slope = standardized slope of the regression line from peak year to Year 25; Decline = percentage decline in citations from peak year to Year 25.	0
Finally, the unavailability of a ranked list of A&I databases to select appropriate journals based on authors' views will not be a problem for authors and librarians to any further extent.	1
We have updated this area of interest through a new study on the current centers of excellence, furthering our investigation in the sub-field of technology entrepreneurship (TE).	1
This article is published under the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) licence.	0
First, we contribute to the mounting evidence that researchers are dissatisfied with the current publication system.	1
In this paper, we have presented a data-driven study of the history of mathematical science, based on the Mathematical Genealogy Project.	1
Since the structure of co-authorship networks is unique, we couldn't compare it with other networks.	0
In conclusion, this study serves as a novel database integration approach to prioritize environmentally relevant chemicals for further evaluation in relation to neurodevelopmental outcomes, while also incorporating considerations of chemical TK.	1
We determined the Grand Sleeping Beauty Equation for these medical SBs which shows that the probability of awakening after a period of deep sleep is becoming rapidly smaller for longer sleeping periods and that the probability for higher awakening intensities decreases extremely rapidly.	1
Ultimately, these findings highlight areas of need for NIH funding in the field of orthopaedics.	1
In this study, we investigated quantitative changes in global technology clusters over time and devised a prediction model for detection of newly emerging or rapidly growing technology clusters.	1
Our findings show that retracted publications continue to be cited in systematic reviews in the field of pharmacy.	1
This article is designed as a contribution to the study of university performance.	1
This study introduces a global international survey that has measured the habits and reasons to use (or not use) scholarly pirate resources.	1
Because this paper reveals underlying patterns in scientific outputs, research subjects and academic collaboration, it may serve as a summary of global research history on Antarctica and a potential basis for future research.	1
The authors particularly thank Paul Mbatia, Dan-Bright Dzorgbo, Ricardo Duque, and Marcus Ynalvez, without whom this study would not have been possible.	0
The CRC sector, a relatively recent development in Australia, was subsequently excluded from the citation analysis as it contributed a very small number of publications clumped heavily in the more recent years of the period being analysed.	0
The article contributes to the literature explaining the internal processes of multidisciplinary research units and how they affect the scientific performance of researchers.	1
To our best knowledge, this study is the first study which has analyzed altmetric and traditional bibliometric scales in malnutrition literature both together.	1
Therefore, authors of original articles might want to consider including their findings in the title and having longer titles.	1
The author(s) reported there is no funding associated with the work featured in this article.	0
A AND B: SA journals mentioned in SM and indexed in WoS	0
Acknowledgements I thank Richard Tol for helpful feedback on an earlier draft.	0
Gephi was used to produce network visualization and indicators (Bastian et al., 2009).	0
2018 ASIS&T Published online Month 0, 2018 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
N. Hall from a recording found among Langmuir's papers in the Library of Congress.	0
Data do not sum up to 100% because the percentage for other countries is not included.	0
In peer review human decision making and task completion combine both long-range predictability and stochastic variation due to a large degree of ever-changing external “friction”.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0033-0337.htm	0
Weights are based on the correlations between the results of the I-distance values and input indicators.	0
However, these analyses provide detailed results of how the attributes of interdisciplinary research teams are associated with the production of research articles that include two-way linkages between the human and natural systems.	1
Still, few studies have examined researchers' trust in grant review or how trust in grant review compares with trust in other kinds of peer review or informal assessments by close colleagues.	1
Therefore, this study builds on previous contributions measuring the dissemination and transference of research and goes beyond to propose a novel methodological approach to track social impact evidences.	1
The combination of data from different years is not ideal, although staff numbers and RAE averages are relatively stable for most universities and so should not significantly impact upon the results.	0
These issues are important, but some aspects are outside the scope of this paper.	0
The number and roles of people in the acknowledgments provide a new perspective for the research of scientific collaboration (Adele Paul-Hus et al., 2017a, 2017b).	1
Visual co-occurrence network of the temporal changes in the focus of the sports culture education research in CSSCI	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY- 2012 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
The bibliometric analysis of DPH most-cited papers is a topic to be further explored.	1
The results of this study show that the mechanisms of scientific sharing in the academic life sciences have changed dramatically from 2000 to 2013.	1
The list of 39,152 author name pairs in synonym relation was kindly provided by Florian Reitz at DBLP.	0
We would like to thank Ralf Schimmer for informing us about the agreement between the Max Planck Institutes and Springer.	0
Network analyses and text analytics techniques in the scope of scientometrics are especially useful as a way of mapping a research field, and although they have been widely used in many fields, they have not yet been used in the field of pain and nursing.	1
A bibliometric analysis using a newly developed model and a customizable research tool: A case study of researcher mobility in Sweden	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):?-?, 2015	0
Evolution of the number of journals and number of papers published in JCR.	0
The coders were instructed to revisit webpages which brought up a DNS server error because of the possibility of temporary server malfunction.	0
In this article, we aim to fill in the gap between atypical articles and current citation models.	1
Our only contribution is our approach for identifying novel work from textual information; we hope that this approach can later be applied in a useful way to examine the practical benefits from different types of science.	1
It is also to stimulate these researchers and others to adapt and refine OSI_2.0, or simply devise a superior alternative from scratch, so that researchers studying how risk perception and science communication interact with science comprehension can ultimately obtain the benefit of a scale more distinctively suited to their substantive interests than are existing ones.	1
To our knowledge, our study is the first to demonstrate that POCUS is only utilized in about half of the shock cases in ED and ICU.	1
The research adds to a large body of research on scholarly productivity by explicitly modeling social network characteristics as determinants of this critical activity.	1
Table 1 is the same as their Table 3 and is the basis for their (tentative) belief that editorial policies are	0
Acknowledgements This research was supported by the PhD Program on Information Sciences of the Faculty of Communication, University of Havana.	0
Note: Promax rotation, pattern matrix, numbers rounded to the second decimal place.	0
Funding information This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF) at the University of Arizona under grant number CMMI-1249210.	0
Using the h-index of the authors of this paper derived from these four sources, it is abundantly clear that scores vary widely and that it is unclear which of these sources is a reliable or accurate source of information, for any purpose.	1
(2024), exploring a novel research perspective to see to what extent the ranking system justifies its use as a proxy for academic excellence.	1
1 Hubrecht Institute for Developmental Biology and Stem Cell Research, Utrecht, The Netherlands.	0
In other words, the counts are the citations earned by the publications from the publishing year until 2008 inclusive.	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for profit sectors.	0
The results of our study are presented in three different sections.	0
In the next section, we review prior studies attempting to compare and evaluate different ranking criteria, and present a critical	0
To address the previous limitations, this study proposes a new approach utilizing dissertation data.	1
This will provide an overview of the development of the research related to the field over the last three years.	1
We suggest a corrective mechanism by Clarivate Analytics to correct the journal impact factor to avoid citation inflation.	1
This article was downloaded by: [SUNY State Univ of New York Geneseo]	0
The higher the mean value, the more agreement with the statement.	0
'Goldman Medical School, Faculty of Health Sciences, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Be'er Sheva, Israel	0
It was identified that the non-African collaborators have a high impact on the quantity of co-authored publications and on the research disciplines in which co-authored research is undertaken.	1
Until now, however, there seems to be no systematic evidence on this kind of refusal to recognize the identity of female scientists.	1
Keywords Complex networks · Directed acyclic graphs · Bibliometrics · Citation networks	0
The article citation median metric in particular is more representative of the impact and citations for journals focused on publication of original research and is less prone to being swayed by a small number of outliers.	1
To show this, I assemble a new, comprehensive dataset linking almost 100,000 NIH grant applications to the committees in which they were evaluated.	1
Unfortunately, there is little systematic data about the post-misconduct career of these guilty parties.	1
Within this framework, the present research introduces a bibliometric analysis that serves as a comprehensive investigation into the development of publications in this magazine.	1
These observations should open new avenues in identifying sleeping beauties while nurturing scientific controversy studies revolving around the use of scientometric approaches.	1
Received September 30, 2011; revised December 2, 2011; accepted Decem- ber 5, 2011	0
These findings suggest that recognition by learned academies may be predicted by citation indices, but may also be influenced by the perceived hardness, prestige, and purity of research fields.	1
Thus, in this work, treating citation network (unweighted) as a specific case of the weighted network, an integrated approach for path analysis is developed, which embeds the Liu and Lu's present integrated approach.	1
This is the first time that the characteristics and longevity of ECs have been analyzed in Spanish biomedical journals, and in REC in particular.	1
The costs of the processing and publishing of manuscripts should be covered by the revenues generated through subscriptions and advertisements.	0
For example, if four researchers co-author a paper, they are each given 25% of the credit.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Although a large body of bibliometric literature exists on specific diseases associated with older people [15, 24–27], few studies have attempted to provide a comprehensive vision of the area.	1
Regarding this need, the first purpose of this study is to classify universities in Turkey on the basis of institutional size and performance.	1
Table 1 shows the number of publications located for each of the five researchers.	0
First, we investigate not the quantity of research but its nature, by distinguishing between the depth and breadth of scientists' publication records as aggregated over a 10-y period.	1
We thank Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico (CNPq National Council for Scientific and Technological Development) for its financial support.	0
This paper presents a novel model of science funding that exploits the wisdom of the scientific crowd.	1
**The number of national journals is reported both for WoS CC and ESCI	0
*Correspondence to: Ivan Kre?imir Luki?, Department of Anatomy, Zagreb University School of Medicine, ?alata 11, Zagreb, HR-10000, Croatia.	0
ICES Journal of Marine Science Advance Access published December 24, 2015	0
There are many environmental agents that increase the risk to which an embryo, fetus, or newborn baby is exposed.	0
In this regard, the present study not only expands existing knowledge of how cohesion of titles is achieved in academic discourse, but also “reveals the specific kinds of discourse relations authors wish to emphasize and associated patterns of expression” with wider audience (Appel & Szeib, 2018, p.	1
Our model is constructed using a hybrid relatedness measure composed of direct citation (DC) and textual SA scores.	1
Third, the ASA methodology further tiers journals into four groups (A, B, C, D) based on their quality and importance rankings and uses a nested random-effects regression model to further classify them into upper and lower categories within each tier (e.g.	1
Our findings, although in no way resolving lingering questions concerning the role that grant funding should play in the conduct of psychological science or in the evaluation of psychological scientists, shed provisional light on them.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:318550 []	0
The paper contributes to this discussion by providing quantitative measurement of the fragmentation or cohesiveness level of the field.	1
Two interconnected wholes of capacities for dynamic governance of societally interactive research.	0
In order to probe further some of the commonly made statements about how various biases might bear on assessments of originality, we transformed these arguments, based on the literature review, into straightforward statements for the interviewees to agree or disagree with, as starting points to stimulate further discussion:	0
Our findings also confirm using Google Scholar as a citation source provides congruent results to using citations from articles published in ISI-listed journals, with the additional benefit of it potentially being more timely since it includes wider citation sources, inclusive of working and conference papers.	1
Thus, the current study sought to explore the descriptive text borrowing in Nobel laureates' publications through published text analysis.	1
While highlighting instances of use of specific research products, research citation across the public health policy documents included here varied greatly and is unlikely to be an accurate reflection of actual research use by the policy agencies involved.	1
This study of articles in the health and life sciences uses bibliometric methods to explore the correlation between APCs and journal impact factors and percentages of grant-funded articles.	1
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Results identify the precise circumstances under which different forms of HARKing behaviors are more or less likely to have a substantial impact on a study's substantive conclusions and the field's cumulative knowledge.	1
This article looks at whether there is evidence to support two prevailing assumptions about open access (OA).	1
In this work, a new overall productivity index, namely y-index is introduced.	1
It should also be noted that Angola, Madagascar and Zambia produce fewer water-related publications than that expected based on the SADC average.	0
The graphic was plotted using the ggplot2 package in R, and post-processed in Adobe Illustrator	0
Citation distribution charts of two types of journals from the JCR database	0
This study will guide the researchers on water use to see either where new trends might come from.	1
Based on our analysis, which was possible by adopting a global, multivariate, and multi-method framework to debunk the widely-spread myths about increased productivity, collaboration, internationalization, mobility, and impact among scientists, we call for a further elaborated investigation of these trends.	1
We seek to fill this gap in the literature by conducting randomized experiments to determine how status affects evaluators' assessments of the value of uncertain new technology in the context of university technology licensing.	1
In the count, a publication was considered once regardless of the number of authors from each country.	0
First, our study contributes to the literature analysis approach.	1
The contributions of this paper are four-fold: First, we clearly distinguished the concepts of multi- and interdisciplinarity at institutional level.	1
Interestingly, JIF is not available for all the journals indexed in Medline.	0
where k is the number of institutions participating to the competitive allocation of funds.	0
Differently from the existing studies (Jurajda et al., 2017; Kulczycki et al., 2018; Paji?, 2015; Petr et al., 2021), we have focused only on individual fields of social sciences (and not social sciences and humanities as a whole) in 15 CEE post-socialist countries over 22 years.	1
This study established benchmark radiation oncology tables that provide metrics to compare an individual physician-scientist's mean RCR and weighted RCR values with other academic RO.	1
The examined scope of a theory is defined as the set of conditions or phenomena relating to the theory that have been examined.	1
Finally, limitations are discussed in "Limitations" section and conclusions and future work are presented in "Conclusions" section.	0
Disciplines are ordered as they appear in the Frascati classification scheme.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
This paper reports the perceived cultural, operational, and technical challenges associated with launching, growing, and maintaining a megajournal.	1
By uncovering the underlying structure of scientific development and connecting it with economic development, our results may offer a new perspective on the evolution of global science.	1
Just to mention an example, one of the most important journals in geophysics, the Rivista di Geofisica Pura ed Applicata [Bossolasco 1939], turned to the current structure and name of Pure and Applied Geophysics in the late 1960’s, although it was still publishing papers in German, Italian and English at that time.	0
Received December 21, 2020, accepted January 4, 2021, date of publication January 11, 2021, date of current version January 20, 2021.	0
This study did not involve any animals and thus did not require any institutional ethics approval.	0
The authors noted that this figure could well be an underestimate considering that there are manuscripts that involve analytical chemistry which are published in journals that are not included in Analytical Abstracts.	0
The two-dimensional approach is an easy and effective method of analysing scientific activity at different levels, while preserving the chronological order of a country's progress.	1
See Methods section and Fig 1 for explanations about timeframes for data collection.	0
This paper is the first attempt to present abiobibliometric study of a multifaceted Indian scholarBimal Kanti Sen or more well known as B.K.	1
As such, given that foreign scientists are more often mobile than national scientists, we have little insight into whether foreign mobile scientists have fewer chances of obtaining a senior position due to a negative effect of foreign nationality, mobility, or both of them or other factors.	1
All of our hearts and minds are with the “angeli della scienza”.	0
Perceived effectiveness of various approaches to team science training, perceived effectiveness regarding training method.	0
All document types (including journal articles, review and conference papers, letters, book chapters, proceedings papers, short surveys, and editorials) were classified as the main input for this study.	0
In this study, therefore, we propose a bibliometric approach that can be applied for identifying these researchers, institutions, and countries.	1
We also thank Rebecca Harwell and Kathryn Perkins for the technical editing of this manuscript.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
The coding of regions follows the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) “definition of regions with a view to the execution by the Organization of regional activities”.	0
Keywords: Information retrieval; Lexical query; Citation network; Nanosciences; Scientific area delineation; Bibliometrics	0
Based on Tsay's (2013) work and the present study, Table 7 summarize a comparison of knowledge flow into and out of the domain of information science through journal publications.	1
Author Contributions: Yipeng Lv, Bihan Tang, and Xu Liu contributed equally to this work.	0
This study aims to fill this gap in the literature by examining the role of collaboration—both type and size-on retraction and elapsed time between publication and retraction.	1
While the primary sources of these studies have been citation data, journal articles, and dissertations, we expect the value of faculty hiring data on understanding the academic landscape of LIS.	1
This investigation confirms, see (Rousseau 2012; Rousseau and Yang 2012) that, because the activity or relative priority index is a relative index, it is often difficult to find a proper interpretation.	1
Current analysis provides a scientific and technological evaluation for the development of the flour from the passion fruit peel through bibliometric indicators.	1
Tina Neville is a retired research and instruction librarian at the University of South Florida St.	0
web-based article search and bibliography registry tools; web-based manuscript preparation and submission tools) and industrial (e.g.	1
The authors declare that they have no competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
This might be somewhat misleading, because only the Israeli prize winners had completed their careers.	0
The pattern of international collaboration, found in more than half of the articles is unusual in the Brazilian scientific output and may result in broadening the impact of publications in the global scenario.	1
The latter three types of data are newly introduced for the purpose of clustering validation and the rationale for using them for this task is set out.	1
Furthermore, this study examines the evolution of engagement by various categories of Mendeley user groups, aiming to deepen our understanding of the nature of attention captured by Mendeley readership data.	1
In this paper we introduce a new measure, which we call the prestige of a journal which is defined as P = IF_journal / IF_WoS or, the ratio of an IF-like measure for a single journal (or its disciplinary component) and an IF-like measure for all WoS articles in a given discipline.	1
Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS), Leiden University, The Netherlands	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY— 2013	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
(Received 11 May 1993; accepted in final form 13 October 1993)	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(2):169–185, 2006	0
This work was supported by the China Association for Science and Technology (CAST) as a series of projects in 2007, 2009, 2010 and 2011.	0
Our results reconcile the seemingly contradictory conclusions between Wei et al.	1
Currently, while an increasing number of countries are introducing their own national higher education policies, there is a lack of horizontal comparison of national higher education initiatives across various countries.	1
Third, the results from the statistical procedures are presented, and finally, several conclusions are drawn.	0
Acknowledgments The authors would especially like to thank the MPH students who participated in the study, as well as the MPH technical secretaries (Mireia Llimós and Regina Arquimbau) who greatly facilitated and assisted with the field work and also we would like to thank Marta Olabarria and Marco Cornejo for their help in the analysis.	0
The observed digital libraries were freely accessible collections of scientific materials (e.g., PubMedCentral, arXiv, Cite-Seer).	0
To simultaneously assess these biases, we present a new procedure based on the Mahalanobis distance (Mahalanobis, 1936).	1
We conduct a retrospective evaluation of The North American Journal of Economics and Finance.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
By launching the faculty publishing initiative, the authors successfully established the library as an authority on bibliometrics and altmetrics.	1
The circles are proportionally larger based on the degree of centrality.	0
The square root of all productivity measures was taken to compensate for their highly skewed distributions.	0
Taken together, these results unveil identifiable regularities underlying the onset of career hot streaks, which appear to apply universally across a wide range of creative domains.	1
Those readers who are not interested in the details of computer simulations may wish to skip over this section.	0
Individuals who are located closely together are perceived by citing (and nonciting) authors in a similar way.	0
Our findings highlight the need to take seriously the role of publishers in the move towards a vision of more rapid and open scholarly communication and to understand the factors that shape their role as intermediaries in the innovation pathways that may be needed to achieve it.	1
Our study also contributes empirically to the IDR literature by focusing specifically on two drivers of scientists' publications in IDR journals.	1
This paper redresses this gap, by investigating the register (especially discourse moves and lexical choices) in 60 published, original-research articles on wastewater treatment published in four Chemical Engineering journals, with impact factor (IF) above 2.	1
Acknowledgements We like to thank two anonymous reviewers as well as the special issue editors for their valuable feedback.	0
However, few studies have investigated the impact of author nationality on altmetric performance.	1
We provide explanations for distinct effects of interdisciplinary dimensions on the technological dimension, building upon the work of Wang et al.	1
The aim of this paper is to examine the effect of research output on economic growth in 169 countries for the period, 1996–2013.	1
Our findings confirmed that adopting a multi-level approach, while considering temporal dimensions in the study of scientific collaboration, can help to understand the interplay between factors of different levels (e.g., individual, community, covariate attributes and network structure levels).	1
Definitions for several key terms we derive from the Frascati Manual (OECD 2015).	0
It enriches contemporary knowledge on multifaceted issues of academic misconduct and offers resonant insights for academics, students, and policymakers.	1
The final validated version is provided as an appendix to this study (Appendix B).	0
Different encodings are used for the dash character ‘-’ inside a multicitation instance such as “[11–17].”	0
*I note that this paper has three precise topic references (1974 and 1975) and two background ones (1965 and 1974).	0
(Further subdivision of the N < N category into separate sets of small and medium sized groups does not ameliorate the situation.)	0
In this schematic, five rounds are adequate for the process to run to completion.	0
The partnering countries orbit around the central node at a greater or lesser distance and their relationship is represented by a line whose length is inversely proportional to visibility.	0
Table 3 Year in which publications with a given author count first become the majority	0
The South African scientific publishing economy is built on a foundation of clay: this economy distorts research impact and encourages universities and academics to commoditise output.	1
We adopt instead a different approach, by analyzing the surname effect on citability at the individual level, i.e.	1
Note that for each period the more impactful research retains a lower percentage of the output	0
To fill this gap, this paper aims to address the following three questions.	1
This article was subsidized for English editing by National Taiwan University under the Excellence Improvement Program for Doctoral Students (Grant no.	0
The main idea of this paper is to go beyond editorials on scientific or no-scientific journals, based on the perspective of some experienced researchers or journalists, or research studies limited to a specific subject, to introduce a quantitative approach to the theme, based on a large database of published papers and constructed on reliable and replicable statistical-based methods.	1
The intent of this model is to show how sensitive future submissions are to acceptance rates and whether prospective authors use acceptance rates as a factor when considering whether to submit a paper to a conference.	0
a This figure accounts for all science and engineering fields defined by the NSB, not only nanotechnology.	0
Using a compari- son with "like" data, we try to determine that cited reference analysis allows for a more meaningful analy- sis of bibliometric data than times-cited analysis.	1
All of these variables combined result in a higher citation rate of any paper produced by the prominent scientist when compared with his or her less known (e.g., younger) peers.	0
This bibliometric analysis on the 100 top-cited articles in EM journals from WoS has demostrated several significant points, which help to map the EM development and research trends in the past recent years, and potentially guides EM physicians for evaluating and orienting their future research works.	1
In this paper, we propose that a slight modification is required to create an alternate PWR score dubbed the Journal Power-Weakness Ratio or jPWR.	1
In this paper we propose a multidimensional 'Quality-Quantity' Composite Index for a group of institutions using bibliometric data, that can be used for ranking and for decision making or policy purposes at the national or regional level.	1
"A PERSON WHO HAS NOT MADE HIS GREAT CONTRIBUTION TO SCIENCE BEFORE THE AGE OF 30 WILL NEVER DO SO."	0
Thus illuminating on the possible researchable themes and future line of work.	1
By delving into the divergent effects of female participation within teams, we not only reveal the non-linear relationship between team gender composition and scientific discovery but also provide relevant advice for cross-gender collaborative researchers.	1
This is a major departure from existing rankings.	1
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
We built a model for prediction of the future growth potential of each technology cluster based on deep learning incorporating, as input variables, the embedded citation network, abstract and area-code vectors of the technology cluster.	1
Furthermore, a new layout tree designed specifically for webgraphs is also proposed, reducing the overall storage cost and allowing the random read query to be performed with an asymptotically faster runtime in the worst case.	1
In sum, this research will fill the gap in a detailed and systematic visual mapping of the cross-regional collaborations in LS research in China.	1
First, in opposition to the well-known university rankings, the main advantage of our research is the possibility to analyse HEIs from different perspectives simultaneously by developing and using composite indicators jointly with individual indicators of university performance.	1
We decided against using time spent in academia as it is difficult to specify the correct starting point: time of the first work contract at an university, time of the final degree, the beginning of the doctorate etc.	0
Using co-authorship and citation analysis to identify research groups: a new way to assess performance	1
With the awards and papers of NSSFC in the field of LIS as the research object, this paper applies the LDA topic model to extract 18 topics from the bibliographic information text of awards and paper, based on which the differences in topic distribution are compared between awards and papers.	1
Peaks in the citation history occurred in conjunction with important milestones in the history of adhesive dentistry showing that Sleeping Papers may be used to identify important scientific discoveries and can significant events in the history of a discipline.	1
This procedure may have produced results lower than the real values of the h-index, but it did not influence the general results of the present study.	0
Studies do not exist relating to the global research output for T2DM only.	1
Instead of repeating them below, we will refer to them as the “standard examples”.	0
This work did not require ethical approval from a human subject or animal welfare committee.	0
Before delving into the specific findings, we address the potential multicollinearity problem in Sect.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 62(8):1498–1514, 2011	0
1 According to the Guinness World Records Book, University of Karueein, founded in AD 859 in Fez, Morocco, is the oldest still operating educational institution in the world.	0
Muhammad Tanvir Afzal gave the idea and supervise the research, Ghulam Mustafa did the experiments, interpreted the results and wrote the paper, Abid Rauf review the paper and supervise the research.	0
As a consequence, it has been impossible to apply any statistical tools when analysing a real status of journals.	0
Finally, we introduced a new indicator, HQM, calculated as the geometric mean of three previously defined productivity indicators (namely, the square of the h-index, the Q-parameter, and the average number of citations).	1
Nevertheless, no previous study has assessed whether early Mendeley reader counts correlate with later citation counts, as has previously been shown in one context for Twitter (early Journal of Medical Internet Research tweets associate with later citations: Eysenbach 2011) and downloads (early arXiv downloads associate with later citations: Brody et al.	1
Instead of comparing journals, our study analysed the citation impact of prolific authors in one OAMJ and compared it to the global citation impact in the discipline.	1
*p < .10, one-tailed test; **p < .05, one-tailed test; ***p < .01, two-tailed test.	0
In other words, topic modeling studies take bibliometric analysis studies one step further and enable more detailed analyzes to be made.	1
The lack of quantitative data available on ECS in marine and fisheries sciences prevents direct assessment of the consequences of increased competitiveness.	1
Received 6 December 2016, Accepted 10 March 2017, Published online 17 May 2017	0
The growth seen in education publications represented more than just an overall increase in otolaryngology scholarly activity.	1
aSearch conducted using first author’s name and the institution as search terms and examining the first five pages of results.	0
Through the analysis was possible to trace some future lines of scientific research for this relatively unexplored topic.	1
More importantly, our study reveals the required length of the citation time window for analyzing the effect of interdisciplinarity on scientific impact and explores whether the length of the citation time windows varies for different interdisciplinary indicators.	1
With regard to the cluster dimension, the co-word analysis method based on semantic distance better reveals the subject of documents and contains more content.	1
Its main feature is that it corrects for differences in citation practices between subject fields, enabling one to compare journals from different subject fields in terms of their citation impact.	0
We measure citations with the novel tool of extracted in-text citations, which ought be more closely linked to the knowledge of the inventor themselves than the commonly-used front page patent citation.	1
Received February 4, 2010; revised March 16, 2010; accepted March 16, 2010	0
The present study also contributes to advancing the broad literature on scientific creativity and novelty.	1
Chaire de recherche du Canada, Institut des sciences cognitives, Université du Québec à Montréal, H3C 3P8 Montréal, Québec Canada	0
We propose a set of measures to be derived from bibliographic data that could help in identifying at early stage publications that contain a potential scientific breakthrough.	1
With the exception of the recent paper by Kalra and Kestle, this represents the first attempt to compare publication productivity among neurosurgical subspecialties.	1
Note: The horizontal axes are for publication years (1993-2023), and vertical axes are for the number of publications (0-12).	0
Among all the innovation paradigms, technological innovation has become one of the leading factors in market competition and the pursuit of competitive advantage between countries, regions, and enterprises.	0
The present study showed, for the first time, the importance of filtering out nonessential citations in weighted citation analysis, pointing research in this area in a new direction.	1
The studies mentioned in paragraphs above provide a useful insight into the measure- ment of multidisciplinarity or, in general terms IDR (Inter Disciplinary Research, Wagner et al.	0
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
The presentation will describe the planning steps, pearls and pitfalls of our experience as well as a critical review of the clinical outcome.	0
Received July 29, 2014; revised September 21, 2014; accepted September 22, 2014	0
We introduce GSP technique and develop a framework for predicting scientific disruption.	1
We've attempted to find the best solution within our grasp: A straightforward method to detect and prioritize; an unbiased study of all highly active, well-published authors; and the ability to put single instances of potential misconduct within a broader, historical context for each author.	1
If combined with funding information and mission-oriented policies, the dataset can evaluate the long-lasting effect of instruments in mobilising researchers, steering research agendas, and consequently the resulting impacts.	1
The comparison between MBCC and HITS ranking vectors in Table 4 indicates that MBCC ranking agrees well with HITS ranking, especially in top 10.	0
The issue is to what extent the authors rely on web resources and are they finished with citing paper-based materials?	0
a Associate Professor in Innovation Management, College of Business, Oregon State University, 416 Austin Hall, Corvallis, OR 97331, United States	0
The Springer Nature group is 53% owned by Holtzbrink and the remaining 47% is held by the BC Partners private equity group, an international firm specializing in leveraged buyouts.	0
This is also true for variables such as experience gained, which I do not discuss further in this work.	0
Yet, they inform us on how the academic community has collectively organized in response to the increased emphasis on such metrics, revealing a nuanced picture which we discuss in the following.	1
The discussions with scientists took place in focus groups, and the investigations of scientists' subscription to the original and derived principles were based on a national survey, as described below.	0
the sum of each row in the document-topic matrix) equals 100%.	0
The article presents an introduction to a newly created scientometric portal called Indian Science Reports, available at www.indianscience.net.	1
The fax machine, which took off in the eighties as a method for document exchange between businesses (Negroponte, 1995), was later used for mass marketing.	0
This is intended to locate the results within a more meaningful context, although the reader is cautioned from drawing direct comparisons between this and other bibliometric studies.	0
3 present the aggregated findings for the combined set of 54 journals.	0
Note: The gender gap was calculated based on the formula: (males - females)/males.	0
In this sense, the second section of the article presents a review of the literature related to evaluating science, technology, and innovation at both national (Iran) and international levels.	0
There is no overlap between the two studies because they focus on different things and analyse more than just the classification of topics.	0
We discuss the details of our proposed approach in section 4.	0
/ Intellectual Structure of the Hospitality Literature Via Topic Modeling Analysis	0
The use of in-depth qualitative interviews has provided rich data and new insights into previously hidden aspects regarding the communication practices within the peer-review process.	1
Received January 16, 2008; revised April 3, 2009; accepted April 4, 2009	0
In this paper, we propose an extended citation model for scientific document clustering.	1
Although this seems plausible, our experience of networks with a larger number of starting patents showed that the historiograph formed from a few starting patents is confirmed and marginally extended by more starting patents, i.e.	0
Statistical tests are needed to give a clear answer on the first question.	0
Thirdly, we present evidence supporting the democratization of science by addressing the issue of inequality among scientists.	1
The fitted power law of the cumulative distributions of hindex and gindex.	0
The purpose of this article is to introduce a new scientometric index—the Language Diversity Index.	1
The scale weighting was only one of several output measures used in the study.	0
We designed this study to provide a panoramic view of the scholarly vigor of the department chairs of surgery by using the database of the Society of Surgical Chairs Membership Directory (SSCMD), the Web of Science, and the National Institute of Health (NIH) websites.	1
3.2 A second research group in the Department of Experimental Physics	0
Here, we translate scholarly peer review into an artistic context by developing a novel experimental setup called the “Art Exhibition Game.”	1
I believe that an appropriate approach is to apply the economic model to theorize the dynamics of predatory journal publishing in the past two decades.	1
Using a novel DID design, we investigated the effect of SSRF, a major big-science infrastructure in China, on discipline-level science production.	1
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
This study therefore presents statistical analyses that allow the user to compare the performance of a university with a reference unit (such as another university or the average of all universities) in a simple way.	1
We thank Professors Liang Liming (Henan Normal University, Xinxiang) and Jin Bihui (DICCAS, Beijing) for their support and hospitality.	0
Not qualitatively relevant, as for research topics of local importance, or for language-bound non-English topics (Van Hooydonk, 1996).	0
The remaining 13 journals fell into Other, which includes four titles that were dropped for non-functioning URLs, one for lacking an OA statement, one for requiring registration, one for lack of content, and six journals that were indeterminate, i.e., not listed in the spreadsheet.	0
In sum, researchers build more work ties that are cross-disciplinary and cross-institutional.	0
However, little is known about how authors balance these factors when making submission decisions.	1
In this paper, we propose an approach named First and Others (F&O) counting.	1
In this article, we have explored the availability of various open access publications (gold, green, hybrid, bronze) from selected STEM fields in India and globally and how it has changed over the last decade (2010–2020) using the SCOPUS database.	1
By using book reviews in SCIE, SSCI, and A&HCI, this study depicted time dynamics, discipline and country distribution of scholarly book reviews over the past decade.	1
Received July 30, 1998; revised December 16, 1998; accepted December 16, 1998.	0
In our plans for future work, we seek to include additional domains in our study.	0
This article attempts to address this lacuna by analysing the internationalization of the scholarly cultures in Chile during a period of four decades, from 1976 to 2015.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:235211 []	0
Written informed consent was not required for this study because data were downloaded directly from the database.	0
The average for each of these metrics was determined in each SDG category for publications involving one and multiple (two or three) faculties.	0
In this paper we developed a method of closed-system input-output analysis and used it to study influences between subfields of physics using APS publication data.	1
Another aspect that deserves attention is the disappearing limitation section as most of the retracted papers in our database contain no limitation section or a very cosmetic one.	1
For a graphical display of the top subjects in the categories, refer to figures 1–5.	0
a variable whose value is subject to variations due to random chances (in this case the noise of bibliometric databases) (Kim et al.	1
This viewpoint on the potential of open bibliometrics is supported by an analysis of the current openness of bibliometric keywords.	1
Branco Ponomariov is associate professor in the Department of Public Administration at the University of Texas at San Antonio, 501 West Durango Blvd, DB 4.240, San Antonio, TX 78207, USA.	0
However, little attention has been paid to predatory publishers in the context of student research and library instruction.	1
Methods for estimating the efficiency of grants are proposed.	1
The detailed date of collecting data is shown in Table 2.	0
In considering the results of our literature coding and existing stan- dards and behaviors in the journal publication process, we presented nine key recommendations to three stakeholder groups to prevent further the misuse of best practice articles.	1
This paper investigates the impact of publication pressure on the ethics and the scientific integrity in the domain of mathematics and of the arts.	1
Biologists are well aware that titles and key words are used for indexing.	0
The research reported here suggests additional productive lines of inquiry.	1
However, the citation classics of obstetrics and gynecology (OBGYN) have not yet been profiled in the JAMA Network.	1
We believe it is better not to modify the concept of keywords defined and selected by the authors, since this will avoid unnecessary debates.	0
Our results illustrate a dynamic aspect of researcher creativity in the generation and development of ETs (Fig.	1
we exploit novel measures of the quality of peers at local and distant institutions to provide the first systematic analysis of this influence on the decision to relocate.	1
This paper more comprehensively incorporates important factors affecting weighting to identify more realistic paths for domain development.	1
Significantly, our analysis expands conventional coverage analyses because it tests the criteria for coverage, as prompted by Garfield (1997), rather than describing it only on the basis of the concentration of journals.	1
We employ the novel method of topic models on a corpus of nearly 6,000 articles in more than 600 journals from 1995 to 2012 to identify 25 topics and analyze their trends and use across scope (transition or emerging), disciplines (business or economics) and geography (countries or regions).	1
Conversations with Pedro Albarrán, Félix de Moya, Vicente Guerrero, Nees Jan van Eck and, above all, Ludo Waltman are deeply appreciated.	0
To cite this article: Roger Noll & W.Edward Steinmueller (1992) An Economic Analysis of Scientific Journal Prices: Preliminary Results, Serials Review, 18:1-2, 32-37	0
Waltman (Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, The Netherlands) for useful advice on an earlier version of this manuscript.	0
Number of debut authors per venue type for all years (main) and the 1959–1986 period (inset).	0
In sum, the greater are the Eigen values, variance percentage, canonical correlation for a function, and the less is the value of Wilk's Lambda, the greater is the discrimination power of the function.	0
Analyzing the IF progression of Neotropical Ichthyology demonstrated a distinct increase in this journal's impact, considering that improving a ranking in the impact classification quartiles is not a common phenomenon.	1
The aim of this study was to propose a new generic method to limit any Medline/PubMed query based on the relative impact factor and the A & B categories of the SIGAPS score.	1
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.	0
In this study, we, therefore, examine how three different forms of discipline classification perform at the individual article level.	1
"Developing a Comprehensive Plagiarism Assessment Rubric” contributes to the advancement of a new approach to plagiarism assessment in higher education and is a candidate for publication in the Education and Information Technologies.	1
We expect this Taiwan-based study to provide a starting point for the exploration of QAPs in the local context.	1
Since he has not done so, I can only repeat that the methodology seems justified as a first measure, until more detailed data become available.	0
Our research expanded on previous studies that relied on data of author publications across a select number of journals in communication (e.g., Bolkan et al.	1
Altmetric indexes were involved in multidisciplinary comparison analysis to enhance the understanding of books.	1
* Corresponding author at: Division of Neurosurgery, Department of Surgery, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	0
That is to say, these references lack a comprehensive analysis.	1
We would also like to thank PaperTrue for editing and proofreading this manuscript.	0
Part (A) of the discussion identified the demographic characteristics of the survey respondents and their implications.	0
In this study, we analyze research outputs and citations with the HistCite software to understand the publication pattern of monsoon research outputs at the global level to provide an accurate overview of scientific output over time and to develop future strategies for research in this area.	1
In this paper, I propose a method of ranking the relevance of citation-based search results to a set of key, or seed, papers by measuring the number of citation relationships they share with those key papers.	1
An example would be the distribution hubs in a package delivery system.	0
Our criterion for ordering departments is also unique: publications only by faculty currently employed by the department.	1
The approach outlined below remediates this distributional asymmetry.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Kemal Yayla on 31 December 2016.	0
The contributions of this study are as follows:	1
2018a; Yang 2015; Zha 2016), lacking in-depth quantitative analysis of the whole program and its implications.	0
Very few universities operate across state lines, much less national boundaries.	0
It provides a transparent and economical way for research assessment and evaluation because each university does not need to have access to the full bibliometric database, but can use the equation of the distribution and the estimated scaling factors to compare the scientific performance of its different academic disciplines.	1
Originality/value – This is the first detailed study of collaborative research in project management.	1
The Physical Review dataset is available upon request from the APS at http://journals.aps.org/datasets.	0
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank our manuscript reviewers for their guidance and helpful feedback, especially Andrew Wall and Margaret Kearney.	0
312 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 15, 2002	0
First received in February 16, 2013 and was under review for 4?months.	0
During the last 3 decades, Iran has experienced a rapid population growth and at the same time the health of Iranian people has improved greatly.	1
This necessitates a methodology that considers and overcomes na?ve quantitative comparisons.	0
The lists of terms exemplifying each category, and threshold values, were tuned during development in 2013, and have not been adjusted since then.	0
The analytical path is a general method that could be used to examine the relationship about the authors, the countries, and so on.	1
This study did not collect data pertaining to the quality of the journals.	0
The analysis of titles of citing patents and cited papers has given a useful impression of the topics involved in the patent-to-paper citation links, and thus, of the scientific-scholarly knowledge that is applied in patentable applications, as well as in the context in which it is used.	1
We emphasize that our focus on systematic capitalization on chance is different from unsystematic capitalization of chance, which is due to random fluctuations in any given sample drawn from a population.	1
Therefore, we believe that distinguishing the different phases of the delay process is meaningful for us in our attempt to understand its essence, especially in the context of the delay between scientific research and technology patents.	1
Descriptive statistics for the consolidated data for the three broad topic areas were analyzed to determine whether parametric or nonparametric statistics would be appropriate for the analysis of differences (Table 2).	0
Therefore, we proposed, implemented, and evaluated the logical sections-based content comparisons method to address the research objective with a standard method of indexing terms.	1
Moreover, we have demonstrated that the most important way to researches about chronic disturbances get acknowledgement and visibility from other researchers may be to publish in high impact journals and widening the study scope by collaboration with senior researchers.	1
Section 2 reviews the use of DEA for research evaluation and the DEA models used in this study.	0
By considering a larger dataset and focusing on the case of Italy, I show that the relevance of social ties in determining an economist's success in the "citation game” is not limited to these top-tier institutions in the "leading” country, which one could have optimistically interpreted as evidence that the "best scientists" self-select themselves by cooptation.	1
While in the current debate most scholars (Ioannidis 2011; Guthrie et al.	1
Percentage of peer reviewed scientific articles available free online, publishing year a	0
In response, we have devised a systematic methodology to help identify research relating to Big Data.	1
To address these challenges, we created and participated in a project-specific, graduate-level team science course.	1
We then develop an organization theory of scientific pathologies that provides novel insights into pathologies in science beyond commonly used individual and cultural explanations.	1
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
As one of the first study in the field, this research examines the informal social structure of hospitality management literature in seven journals.	1
It provides insight into the Journal's publications that have shaped the scope and practice of obstetrics and gynecology.	1
The agency does this largely by developing and enforcing regulations that are based on environmental laws passed by Congress and signed into law.	0
For details see the Supplementary Table S2 and Sīle et al.	0
Journals at the top of the table are more likely to have a strong subject connection to the journal identified at the top of the page than journals at the bottom of the table.	0
Figure 3- Annual rates of co-authorship in biomedical research articles from Lebanon (black line) and the United Arab Emirates (dotted line), 1988-2006.	0
The number of Articles in Table 2 and following tables do not correspond to the ones reported on Table 1.	0
It remains, however, open to which extent this low propensity of co-operation was specific to the COVID problem or not.	0
Finally, the article concludes with a discussion and an outlook of future work.	0
In this case, it means that The Journal of Psychology has 59 articles that have been cited at least 59 times.	0
BCCCC is developed to tackle a weakness of BC: two related articles may still cite different references.	1
In this study, a first attempt is made to use a webometric measure which, to our knowledge, until now escaped the attention of scientometric analysts: the number and distribution of visitors of university websites.	1
What is it that makes a great partnership in legal scholarship?	0
The strengths of our study include its sample size, covering all medical students enrolled in pre-graduate research throughout a decade at Health, AU; full follow-up of all research students and lack of recall bias or subjective overestimation because a systematic literature search and register-based approaches were used.	1
More descriptive statistics of the dataset can be found in the Supplementary Information (i.e., Figure A1, Figure A2, and Figure A3).	0
In order to see which role the citation information plays in terms of clustering, we will experiment by including or excluding citation vectors when computing the semantic vectors for articles (Eq.	0
We considered branch campuses and the main campus as one college/school of pharmacy.	0
It is the first study to list the top-25 cited articles dedicated to PG.	1
This work aims to navigate this impasse, shedding light on a topic as complex as it is contentious.	1
(For interpretation of the colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article).	0
The characteristics of recent National Institutes of Health (NIH) grant funding to anesthesiology researchers in United States (US) medical schools have not been systematically quantified.	1
We show that the productivity differences between chemists and economists by using the most popular bibliometric indicators.	1
Full details of the survey can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/page/openaccess/opensurvey.	0
We study whether the students who have foreign undergraduate degrees are as succesful as their domestic counterparts who have attended the same US grad school.	1
The distribution of acknowledgments in the CiteSeer document collection follows a power law with the exponent -0.65.	0
The opinions expressed in the paper are the author's and do not necessarily reflect the views of the NSF.	0
Using bulk impact and authorship adjustment indicators and their composite enabled a more nuanced and inclusive analysis between the CSE and the GSE.	1
The views expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the opinion or position of the European Commission.	0
Each of the 139 promotional words has an average of 13 neutral synonyms.	0
Here, a = 0.01, b = m = 1, and T = 3000	0
(a-c) World maps of collaborations (left panels) and log-log plots of the conditional probability of co-authorships between organizations and the distance between them (right panels).	0
The research areas and major academic publications pertaining to PG were identified through this study.	1
Science and Public Policy, volume 24, number 1, February 1997, pages 21-27, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU!	0
We have constructed a model, the first of its kind, that accurately characterizes these options for the biomedical literature.	1
It should be noted that the relationship between self-citations per paper and the number of authors per paper (the collaborative level) is a subtle one.	0
We were able to identify characteristic patterns of the career paths leading to European recognition of excellence by examining quantitative metrics in publication output.	1
If indicated, the method also returns various citation measures such as the h- and e-indices.	0
This is a preprint of an article whose final and definitive form was published in Journal of Information Science.	0
Xiaomei Bai: Concieved and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
The author would like to thank the editors and reviewers for careful reading, thoughtful comments and constructive suggestions for this article.	0
The entire research process was supervised and guided by one professor.	0
The present work explores the characteristics of global materials chemistry research published during 2008–2012 and indexed in Scopus database.	1
Each parameter in the table plays a critical role in interpreting bibliometric data:	0
The interviews averaged about 90 minutes in length; they were taped and completely transcribed.	0
The participants were not queried specifically on the Social Determinants of cardiometabolic health by the organisers, but this issue did come up organically throughout the interview.	0
Download counts can give evidence of wider non-academic uses of software.	1
Furthermore we are unable to determine the denominator to assess the rate of retraction.	0
For reasons we make clear in the article, the term "interview” is eschewed.	0
Whenever there was a conflict or discrepancy, final group consensus was sought.	0
This new research can also contribute to the larger understanding of the internal dynamics of international science collaboration, a field that researchers Jeong and Young Choi (2015) have recently labeled a “black box” since so much is not known.	1
In this article, we propose a novel machine-learning technique to measure knowledge flows between countries and institutions by analysing publication and citation data.	1
This study sought to address this gap in the literature by investigating the relationships of different measures related to keywords and keyword co-occurrence networks with citation counts.	1
All these together show the effect of scientific training and talent recognition as a path to scientific advancement in neuroscience.	0
Effective comparison across scientific fields requires a novel bibliometric index which transcends the specific citation patterns of any single field.	1
In this appendix we report regression results using alternative model specifications: (1) random effects least squares models using In(Cite + 1) as the dependent variable, and (2) conditional (fixed effects) logistic models using a dummy variable indicating whether cited or not as the dependent variable.	0
This study is one of the first attempts to understand communication practices within the peer-review process in biomedical journals.	1
For the five manuscripts that were submitted by a group of authors from more than one country, the country in the address of the corresponding author was used.	0
Our results show that books display different impact in each of the measurements and vary by types and content.	1
Against the background of the literature, the aim of this article can be characterized as being original for two reasons: regarding the role of such journals in the communication system of science, this has been investigated on the global level and for Switzerland but not for Diamond OA journals that are located in Germany.	1
These questions are not easily answered, and opinions vary by field, assessment body, and institutional mission.	0
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
We answer these questions by performing an automated study of literature metadata from scientific conferences and journals, using data from the Semantic Scholar academic search engine.	1
Similar methods were used to calculate all the average correlation values (see Table 3).	0
2014) and particular educational contexts (K-12 schools; Pérez-Sanagustín et al.	1
The problem to be considered may be put into simple terms: how close is close?	0
Hence it seems to be a useful and practical new indicator for comparing the citation impact of sets of articles from multiple fields and/or years.	1
To avoid the table to be verbosely long, we just select the top 10 for the topical terms in each community and the top 30 for the authors, given that the community is with more topical-terms and more authors.	0
These findings invalidate the idea that in France the decentralisation of production has widened the qualitative gap between works produced in Paris and in the rest of France.	1
The two scholars from Belgium, Leo Egghe and Ronald Rousseau, were highly productive not only in JASIS, but also in JDoc.	0
In this paper we illuminate gender, ethnic and racial disparities in productivity with the intention that it will contribute to the literature on attrition in academia.	1
A drive to Tannery Falls followed lunch and a group picture.	0
Contrary to most previous studies that are based on anonymous surveys administered after exams, we use original technologies to reveal cheating behavior.	1
Glenda Armas Noda for their important comments on the development of this paper.	0
Third, based on the simulated data, we also prove that proper rewards effectively stimulate the performance of scientists, but excessive rewards inhibit their performance.	1
Data were extracted and analyzed using Microsoft Excel (Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington).	0
The following is a list of such cases: Dermatologica/Dermatology, Genitourinary Medicine/Sexually Transmitted Infection, Journal of Dermatology and Surgical Oncology/Dermatologic Surgery, Photo-dermatology/Photodermatology, Photoimmunology & Photomedicine, and Skin Pharmacology/Skin Pharmacology and Applied Skin Physiology.	0
Table 2 documents cohort sizes and publishing activity of German-speaking PhDs by year of graduation.	0
Note that interpolated values are used giving more detail to these relatively small values.	0
We clarify at this point that our study does not cover research topics or trends in IS research.	0
In this context, the MNI is an interesting case study because it is the first organization to introduce an institution-wide open-science platform (Rouleau, 2017) and because certain characteristics of biomedical research (it is highly competitive, it involves human subjects and the commercial returns can be very high) make it a challenging field for openness (Tenopir et al., 2011; Haeussler, 2011; Walsh et al., 2007).	1
aSee text for the explanation of why this paper was corrected, not retracted.	0
Parts of the research were presented at the annual meeting of the American Educational Research Association in San Diego, April 1998.	0
In the results (see Section 5) we have translated quotes from Dutch to English where relevant.	0
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at The University of lowa Libraries on March 18, 2015	0
Drawing on his work, the present study proposes that the social process of collaboration is underpinned by the compulsory nature of giving, receiving and reciprocating.	1
"When I use a word" Humpty-Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone "It means just what I choose it to mean - neither more nor less".	0
Since its nascence, open access has achieved great developments in scientific publication and is still quickly growing.	0
Data and code are available from the Dryad Digital Repository (Hackett et al., 2020).	0
In addition, the introduction of the MLC method can solve the problem of large-scale data processing, which cannot be addressed by HCA because it focuses on precision.	1
For more information on nanotechnology at the European Commission, please visit http://cordis.europa.eu/nanotechnology	0
Therefore, we propose a new measure to address this problem.	1
As our first order of business, we must address the flaws inherent in this particular investigation.	0
Notes: We list only incentive compatible authors where the first author is better than the second.	0
The collaborative element of the EU's R&D support, for example, is particularly ample, a fact which immediately points to some important questions.	0
Against this background, we decided to repeat our study ten years later to see whether we would find any changes in men's and women's productivity.	0
Finally, the examples of data visualization we present here suggest that linking the data contained in rankings like SIR is an effective way to bootstrapping the bare indicators.	1
In the experiments of this work, we used a self-judged standard to assess the performance of the proposed method.	0
Received: 25 November 2022 | Accepted: 10 July 2023 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 1 August 2023	0
The proposed graph types are able to show the share of a researcher's papers with higher paper impact than can be expected from the journal impact.	1
The main finding of this survey is that participation in clinical trials increases research capacity.	1
The manuscript is organized as follows: First, we present our research questions followed by the description of study design and methodology.	0
The funders had no role or influence in the design or conduct of the study.	0
In particular prestige indicators, such as the EF and the AI, should be selected as a complement of popularity measures, the IF in particular, to better characterize the quality of each journal.	1
To offer quantitative answers to this question, we leverage a unique dataset, containing all R01 grant applications ever submitted to the NIH, to examine early-career success and failure.	1
We pursue new data and analysis to examine the role of both top-down forces that encourage faculty to carry on interdisciplinary research and bottom-up inclinations from faculty themselves.	1
The findings of this study have a number of significant ramifications.	1
Our proposed minimum set of requirements, presented in Table 1, was developed based on the current submission requirements of the 302 biomedical journals we reviewed as well as on our interviews with the editors.	1
We believe this finding, and the method we have developed, could have implications for the way research networks are managed and researchers are supported.	1
This is because a paper published in a journal has had its content validated through the peer-review process, whereas other material written has not necessarily been subjected to a comparable quality-control mechanism.	0
By examining outputs, publication paths and collaboration patterns, we identify a series of factors that help to explain Russia's limited success in leveraging its ambitious national nanotechnology initiative.	1
It is one of the few studies in scientometrics which target the most influential cited references of a journal (in most of the cases small fields or topics have been investigated).	1
To answer the research question, I developed a list of first order codes and worked on this list in order to obtain non-repetitive statements.	0
The relationship between the corresponding author and its byline position from four perspectives (i.e., years, the number of authors, countries, and research fields) has been explored by an objective statistical analysis.	1
We show that the heterogeneous network has complementary effects in a link prediction in scholarly datasets.	1
For the measurement of emerging research topics, this study proposes an emerging index that considers combination of three attributes: novelty, growth and impact.	1
These trends illustrate a mode shift in the scientific practice of researchers that have generated and developed ETs over the last 50 years as well as highlight the significance of funding projects with high probabilities of generating high-impact ETs.	1
First, this is one of the first attempts to focus on the relationship of author characteristics with conference papers.	1
Figure 3 shows a typical dispersion area for the (q t,q r) indicator pair.	0
Many factors interact, including science policy decisions (bilateral or multilateral cooperation programs) and decisions by individual scientists at the micro-level.	0
We limited our analysis to competitive research proposals submitted to the NIH.	0
Received: 26 March 2024 | Accepted: 30 September 2024 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 15 October 2024	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
4 I thank Alex Csiszar for information on these turn-of-the-century publication practices.	0
The revealed structure raises a number of policy concerns.	1
[Table II Overview of the datasets and metadata enrichment exercise results]	0
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
Thus, we arrive at the almost paradoxical conclusion that the citation-based metric (NCI) may be used as an excellent proxy for peer-reviewed measurements of institutional scientific strength but it is only a poor proxy for measures of quality.	1
We would like to stress that, as far we know, the present work is the first study that addresses the evolution and characterization of a local community of scholars in Latin America involved in research and training in the area of informetrics studies.	1
a = Cronbach's alpha, M = mean, SD = standard deviation, rit = item-scale correlation, aij = factor loading.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1094 times since 2011*	0
Opinion is intended to facilitate communication between reader and author and reader and reader.	0
The second author would like to thank the National Science and Technology Development Agency for the supporting.	0
Received 1 March 2021; Received in revised form 7 September 2021; Accepted 13 September 2021	0
In this article, we have contributed to the literature on publication productivity, as we have been able to detect the profile of success in publication in two different cohorts of Spanish researchers.	1
By investigating the long-term consequences of these more rapidly implemented changes, we aim to infer the extent to which the recent and proposed changes to the culture of science help to make subsequent science better and more reproducible.	1
But competition in science will increasingly take place between multi-national and multi-organisational teams rather than between national research systems or single research organisations.	0
In other words, teamwork pays off, whatever your place in the pecking order.	0
To cite this article: Farideh Osareh, Zohreh Cheraghi & Atousa Koochak (2017): Characterization of science mapping of Iranian cancer researchers' co-authorship network in web of science service during 2000-2013 time period, COLLNET Journal of Scientometrics and Information Management, DOI: 10.1080/09737766.2017.1292666	0
It contributes to studies on positionality in the sociology of knowledge, cultural capital, and migration knowledge production.	1
To the best of the authors' knowledge, our study is the first article to analyze the quantity and quality of research productivity in the field of urology and nephrology from the Arab world.	1
The theoretical model developed in this article predicts that collaboration with top-funded scientists positively affects the number of scientific publications of an individual scientist.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there are many studies analysing the corresponding authorship by one single lens, international partnerships with no reference or analysis about its effect on national collaboration.	1
It clearly highlights the differences in and causes of the reactions of experts and the views of the public to newly developed national education policies, thereby presenting implications for the successful design of important national programs that include education policies for the future.	1
What remains unknown is how to define ‘appropriate resources, mentorship, and protected time’.	0
We developed a random-walk-based model, allowing us to accurately reproduce the empirical observations.	1
For ease of presentation, journal combinations are simply referred to as journals in the following paragraphs.	0
who can be nominated for awards; and who should get scholarships?	0
We show that chemists in prestigious Turkish universities on average receive 4.30 times more subsidy than economists.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsep20	0
To the authors' knowledge, this paper is the first to search for weight of factors in TOPSIS, where the actual decisions are known a priori.	1
Third, we address our research question in the empirical context of a Spanish university from different areas of knowledge, thus contributing to the approach of universities as strategic agents (Cocos & Lepori, 2020).	1
Bart Thijs and Wolfgang Gl?nzel are at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, ECOOM, Dekenstraat 2, B-3000 Leuven, Belgium; Email: Bart.Thijs@econ.kuleuven.be.	0
In addition to providing novel insights into the functioning of the authorship and inventorship system, our results have important implications for administrators, managers, and policy makers, as well as for innovation scholars who often rely on patents and publications as measures of scientists' performance.	1
Our use of Shannon entropy is the first in studying interdisciplinarity and diversity among these six business disciplines.	1
Note that network G here is undirected and we always have |aup| ≥ 2 since we only include papers with at least two authors in the collection.	0
This paper provides more systematic evidence on how the scientist's productivity, research field and links to the editors in charge determine the composition of the editorial board in leading economics journals.	1
"This is all around wonderful news," says Zhou Xing, an immunologist at McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada.	0
Then, we applied a group of metrics, e.g., the numbers of vertices, edges, connected components and single-vertex connected components, to reveal the scale of networks and their degree of isolation.	0
They also provide an in-context assessment of outstanding local research [49–52] amid the decreasing share of new Nobel Prize laureates from North America and an inverse trend from the Asia-Pacific region [4].	1
We are grateful to Mark Challen who carried out the analysis of the reviewers' markings and to Dr Eurof Walters for statistical advice.	0
The following titles (See example 5–14) serve as illustration of NP coordination in single-unit, two-unit, and three-unit title groups:	0
This study represents the first comprehensive investigation of the scope and depth of OPR adoption in the open science era.	1
The new open-access journal business model is changing the publication landscape and residents and junior faculty should be aware of these changes.	1
It should be mentioned here that we did not weigh countries but considered them as equals when calculating world region ratios.	0
Comparing CNCI variants and deconstructing portfolios by collaboration type is, when understood and used correctly, an essential tool for interpreting institutional performance and informing policy making.	1
We report quantitative data from Australian physician-researchers who acquired a SMS PhD in 1989–2013.	1
Source: Author's own creation based on Andrikopoulos and Economou (2015); Baccini and Barabesi (2010, 2011); Goyanes and Marcos (2020); Malin and Carley (2007); Teixeira and Oliveira (2018).	0
At this point, we have the necessary data for the experiment.	0
We suggested two metrics based on references and keywords to quantify the extent of interdisciplinarity.	1
Instead of just performing causality tests on the full sample which assumes a single causality relationship, we also perform Granger causality tests on the rolling sub-samples with a fixed-window size.	1
In conclusion, the present study presents the characteristics of the most-cited and highest-scoring Altmetric articles related to NM, thereby providing two distinct perspectives for evaluating their impact on related research.	1
From such perspective, this article seeks to provide some empirical elements for the discussion of the thesis of cognitive dependence based on the study of the particular case of Chile.	1
These are as follows: Tehran University of Medical Sciences Journal of Dentistry, Tehran University Journal of Dental Medicine, Shahid Beheshti Medical Sciences University Journal of the Dental School, Journal of Dentistry of Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Journal of Mashhad Dental School, and The Journal of Islamic Dental Association of Iran.	0
We also contribute to the literature by using a more robust method in testing the precocity-longevity hypothesis.	1
Our study provides a unique look at how STEM librarianship was represented over the recent 4 years in the selected seven STEM library science journals.	1
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: This project was funded in part by the National Science Foundation under Grant No.	0
A framework using the coverage of articles and the correlation between Twitter mentions and citations is proposed to facilitate the evaluation of novel social-media-based metrics.	1
By focusing on interval ratios, this study reveals that the main cause of the observed growth in number of references is a drop in the share of short reference lists and a corresponding increase in the share of a bit longer and medium size reference lists.	1
On rare occasions, we have the opportunity to analyse the direct effect that decisions made by academic libraries related to collection policy have on the information behaviour and the use of information resources by their users.	1
While the studies above aim to reveal how and why scientific products are disseminated on Twitter, the use of language in scientific tweets remains to be unexplored.	1
The theory of social network research is being approached in greater depth and the methods are becoming mature, providing an alternative perspective to study the cooperation relationship in scientific research.	1
Insights provided here can help balance research activities towards publishing more informed and effective scientific articles.	1
We are in the data, a familiarity offering advantages—guiding us to relevant documents and helping us interpret them.	0
One concerning result we found is that responses to review invitations depended on the gender of the editor.	1
The author is indebted to two Scientomterics anonymous referees and the editor of this journal, Prof.	0
b This estimator is by default 0, since this call served as reference category	0
Furthermore, the methodology developed using PHP scripts to collect data on a large number of references, allowed us to access parameters that have never been evaluated before.	1
By ordering R*k in descending order, scientists' IRO can be ranked from the best to the worst.	0
The current contribution gives information of the chemists in Chile with H-index higher or equal 20 with respect to the self- citation (T) according to the recent publication.	1
In the first part of this review, we reported upon the development of a precise definition of a minimum critical mass for academic research.	1
The immobility or inbred is positively associated with higher productivity contrasts the general notion in the US system, even the findings in the Spanish system (e.g., Cruz-Castro & Sanz-Menendez, 2010) where academic inbreeding is also a common practice.	1
The loading of larval on Factor 5 is .228 and the loading of ‘larvae’ on Factor 2 is below 0.1.	0
Received March 11, 1996; revised July 10, 1996 and November 19, 1996; accepted April 8, 1997.	0
Note that both the technical expert and searcher were unaware of the software generated citation ordering.	0
The results of the study will be useful to further inform courses in open science through which effectively promote the culture and the practice of open science in chemistry.	1
Each citation in the attached bibliography is linked to a PDF of the respective article or webpage.	0
Section 3 describes the construction of the data and Section 4 provides an overview of the empirical approach.	0
These rates are substantially higher than that found by [41] at least for space science papers in general.	1
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The most effective measure would be to establish a common plagiarism detection system, adopted by all peer-reviewed journals and major publishers, with automatic uploading and cross-checking of each newly submitted manuscript with both published material and all further and ongoing submissions.	1
TR Total records, TC total citations, RC references cited; Source Author’s computations from data retrieved from WoS and Scopus database	0
In this study, for the first time, several associated factors were analyzed behind the scenes, which delineated the results of increasing trends in Complications, peri-implant infection/pathology/therapy across time.	1
This study provides the first step in assessing both quantity and quality of academic output.	1
We are not Cassandras and we understand the great dynamism and resilience of science.	0
1 School of Journalism and Communication, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing 210097, China	0
The present article expanded on these findings in several ways.	1
At the other extreme, 56 articles were not cited even once, and 40 papers were quoted only once.	0
The indexes could in theory be very different, but in practice economists who have a few extremely highly cited papers tend to also have a number of fairly highly cited papers, and vice versa.	0
Pamela Walsh, for her tireless dedication to my academic success and research.	0
One of the advantages of the topic perspective is we can not only study the emerged ones, but also the ones failed to emerge.	1
The publisher shall not be liable for any loss, actions, claims, proceedings, demand, or costs or damages whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with or arising out of the use of this material.	0
This article contributes to the literature by integrating a thematic approach analysis with a publication behavior analysis (i.e.	1
Acknowledgments This research has been supported by the Slovenian Research Agency (10-ECRP-044).	0
a Abbreviations of databases: A, Medline; B, Biosis Previews; C, Excerpta Medica Database; D, CAB Abstract; E.	0
Because the model gives the probability of a journal belonging to tercils, we select the one with the highest probability.	0
we propose a new class of meaning for the reconstruction of knowledge dynamics formalized by a new objective function parameterized by the level of observation,	1
However, the relative strength of these major geopolitical and cultural factors in predicting the variation in citation-based indicators of journal quality within a relatively homogeneous research field has been never assessed quantitatively.	1
Furthermore, we use “Fractional Scientific Strength” (FSS) as the indicator of productivity.	1
First, very few studies examined the impact of education quality on research productivity, and even those studies concentrated on researchers’ learning process or qualifications at the micro-level exclusively (Bazley & Nikolai, 1975; Ballas & Theoharakis, 2003; Blecich, 2020; De Frutos-Belizón et al., 2020).	1
However, simply looking at the number of publications is not very informative because people began publishing, depending on their age, at different time periods.	0
This topic perspective complements the traditional publication perspective in studying emerging topics.	1
The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding the publication of this paper.	0
This method provides foundations to quantitatively explore the generic patterns underlying the evolution of research fields in science, with general implications in innovation studies.	1
Considering China as the main context for analysis, this paper provides additional insights into the possibility of developing countries catching with the world's leading nations in terms of relative scientific knowledge production capability.	1
We interpret our findings as a growing trend of small author teams becoming fairer.	1
Figure 1 Distribution of the numbers of papers with a citation count.	0
The contributing disciplines form three topical and methodological clusters: one around traditional LIS and information seeking, another around IR, and the third around scientific communication.	1
Main factorial axis of the CFA of a matrix (18 disciplines × 12 years) for three individual countries (Sweden, Australia, and Spain).	0
Within the discussion about the exact meaning of scientific references in patents, our findings provide empirical support to the argument that these references should not be interpreted as signaling direct links between or flows from science to technology (see also Meyer 2000; Tijssen 2001).	1
Date received: 3 July 2022; Received revised 4 September 2022; accepted: 10 October 2022	0
From this perspective, our paper contributes to the indirect evidence provided by this literature strand (see Topa 2011), studying the case of journal editors who are highly skilled, are recruited by a committee of peers and for whom information on their entire professional history is available.	1
I would also like to thank two anonymous reviewers for their valuable feedback.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
Helmus and the other anonymous reviewer(s) for their contribution to the peer review of this work.	0
To address the shortcomings of the h-index, several alternatives have been proposed [6].	0
A surgeon’s academic rank is a measure of success in the surgical field, yet there are no benchmarks standardized across institutions that are uniformly met prior to promotion or tenure.	1
P values are determined from one-way ANOVA, which compared averages between faculty with different degree types at the same academic rank.	0
The research findings implied tweet potentials in increasing the visibility of and awareness about low-quality and erroneous papers, even before being disclosed by official authorities, provided that more users are actively involved in the discussions on the platform.	1
In the quantitative part of our analysis we used a bibliometric analysis of both dimensions in order to evaluate the research performance of Slovenian researchers.	1
There were three exceptions, however: one journal in French with no papers in the last year of the period, and two control journals without papers in the last 2 years.	0
This annotated dataset of organi- zations and states and latitude-longitude data for organiza- tions is another contribution of the present study.	1
The Research Ethics Committee of our institution has confirmed that no ethical approval is required.	0
Eigenfactor score and alternative bibliometrics surpass the impact factor in a 2-years ahead annual-citation calculation: a linear mixed design model analysis of Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Medical Imaging journals	1
Rather than treating fake reviews as a straightforward descriptive category, in this article, we explore how the discourse on fake reviews emerged and why, and what it tells us about its seeming antithesis, “genuine” peer review.	1
The preliminary findings presented here primarily indicate that cognitive distances and the rewards and penalties emerging from the republic of science have notable effects—some of them quite counter-intuitive—on the micro-level behavior of researchers, through which breakthroughs in IDR eventually occur.	1
Lower and upper borders of the boxes indicate first and third quartiles, respectively.	0
Based on this property, we present three characterizations of the Hirsch-index without adopting monotonicity.	1
The new MIS journal rankings by the Borda count approach can also be considered for future researches.	1
The total publication count, divided by 100 for scale, is also represented.	0
The first advantage of the new criteria is that for sleeping beauties, the boost rate is relatively defined.	1
First, this study, constructs a more comprehensive SDGs indicator system for these cities using 46 local indicators, based on the research of the methods of Abdi and Williams [29].	1
We see that it is more meaningful, in the context of fractionalization, to read the h-index off the impact sequence, rather than the citation sequence as the former is based on an intensive property that does not change with fractionalization.	1
Our results demonstrated low levels of 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' publications, which indicate the need to accelerate and increase research funding in this area.	1
1 Department of Immunology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Radium Hospital, FOBY, Oslo University Hospital, Montebello, 0379 Oslo, Norway	0
This growing body of evidence points toward an inconsistent and unreliable AI-driven tool, one possible reason being that it relies on Beall's blacklists, now outdated by almost six years.	1
Her research interests focus on knowledge management and competitive intelligence, informetrics and scientific evaluation.	0
In this view, we present a fresh approach to develop deeper insights about contemporary trends in scientific collaborations.	1
1Departamento de Biblioteconomía y Documentación, Facultad de Biblioteconomia y Documentación, Universidad de Granada, Campus de Cartuja, 18071 Granada (Spain)	0
Results from null model are averaged over 10 different rewirings, and the error bars are much smaller than the marker size.	0
We conclude with the implications of the findings on Antarctic research.	0
This raises questions about how appropriate funding allocation mechanisms are in supporting highly-cited research in the UK.	1
This enables us to show that more women in the science system not only bring about a “gain in justice”, but also a concrete scientific benefit.	1
In the present paper, we attempt to fill this knowledge gap by examining how to best promote RI across the main areas of research.	1
when funding comes from more than organisation, and the organisations fund research in a very similar area), and where therefore an argument to monitor researcher portfolios might be applicable, the research produced under these conditions has greater citation impact.	1
The subsequent analysis is structured to mirror the mentioned juxtaposition of the interviewees' experiences of mainstream grants with their experiences of VE.	0
This study explores the potential role of digital affordances to challenge structural Northern bias and generates questions about knowledge production and dissemination in the climate change knowledge domain.	1
It should be noted that for other installations with higher or lower energy efficiency and productivity, the results may differ.	0
However, we emphasize that the discussion also applies to other units of analysis.	0
The author wishes to acknowledge the creative collaboration of Susan Ramee, formerly of ISI, who developed the SCI-Map software under Microsoft Windows and now does Windows programming in the state of Washington, USA.	0
Noyons of Leiden University, Netherlands, for their valuable advice on the work and paper.	0
However, the present study showed that title characteristics explained a potential part of the variability between titles that are highly discussed and those that are not.	1
Despite the research summarized above, there appear to be no large-scale studies of the JIF that have focused on citing journals.	1
A visual representation of author perceptions and the factors involved in the selection of OA journals has been summarized below:	0
Table 1 indicates that even in industrially highly important fields such as polymer science and chemical engineering the major part of the international publications originates from universities and in particular from SON groups.	0
This article examines an example where the political and academic roles of peer-review clash resulting in panel deliberations that are infiltrated by external motivations to advocate in favour for promoting research's public value, thereby influencing the evaluation outcomes from the peer-review process.	1
Be it as it may, the number and nature of the groups involved could affect the evaluation of each participant.	0
The current paper examines such nexus, through a longitudinal analysis.	1
In our work contexts consisted on average of 1.6 sentences around the point of reference.	0
This negative conclusion is particularly important for systems that have only recently visible in global academic journals.	1
The Comment in Nature remains at the level of pairwise correlations.	0
Despite the recent character of the phenomenon, a first few bibliometrics studies on Covid-19 research have already been performed only after a few months.	0
In addition, this study summarized the various names of the AIP mechanism as follows: Advance Articles, Articles ASAP (As Soon As Publishable), Articles in Press, Early Access Articles, Early View, Forthcoming Issue, Latest articles, Online First, and Publish Ahead of Print.	0
This note also opens the consideration of the potential of Real Options approaches for decision support for project selection and management of research.	1
We claim paying attention to intangibles like labor environment, labor stress, motivation or excitement.	1
The views in this paper are solely those of the authors, and do not necessarily rep- resent the views of the Department of the Navy or any of its components, the UNAM, Booz-Allen Hamilton, DDL-OMNI, the University of Queensland, the University of Amsterdam, the University of Karlsruhe, or the University of Minnesota.)	0
The implications of these analyses of serials usage at BLLD have been highlighted by the finding of Gordon Williams, former director of the Center for Research Libraries in Chicago, that the journals most requested for interlibrary loan correspond closely to those most used in individual libraries.	0
To fill this gap in the literature and to show a more realistic picture of the published research on the glass ceiling, our paper aims to carry out an exhaustive review of the scientific production of articles on the glass ceiling using bibliometric analysis.	1
The purpose of this study was to evaluate various bibliometric indices in the context of academic plastic surgery.	1
The multivariate analysis was utilized to determine the correlates that best discriminate between the editors and the noneditors.	0
(3) It proposes a collaborative method for ranking references	1
Our pipeline offers a powerful tool to analyze the evolution of any scholarly term in the academic literature, providing insights into the interplay between collective and independent discoveries in science.	1
Funding The authors declare that no funding was availed for this study.	0
Since our study reveals the development of the literature in our country and shows the research areas, we believe that the theses to be conducted in the future would create a roadmap and contribute to the selection of topics.	1
This broad spectrum of materials is part of the databases’ unique coverage pattern.	0
I have shared my code and data in the mentioned URL in the paper	0
Our methods are distinctive, since we consider multiple productivity measures, include faculty at all types of four-year colleges and universities, and use a range of data sources rather than relying on Social Sciences Citation Index.	1
The author is, however, quite confident that the trends shown are real.	0
Necessarily, a central node is not physically in the centre of the network as degree of a node is calculated in terms of the number of its adjacent nodes.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Ours is not the first bi-national qualitative study exploring ECRs' experiences, with work such as Hemmings, Hill, and Sharp's (2013) study of 10 ECRs in Australia (n = 5) and the UK (n = 5); however, we have not seen any similar study exploring the experiences of Australia- and Japan-based ECRs.	1
Responses to the survey were categorized in patterns as the primary basis for organizing and reporting the results.	0
Cilliers is a Senior Lecturer at the Department of Chemical Engineering, both at UMIST, Manchester, UK.	0
Here, we first lay out a theoretical argument for why too many papers published each year in a field can lead to stagnation rather than advance.	1
The study will enhance the awareness and advocacy of IR in Nigeria.	1
A report on the available tools and their functionalities; ?	1
These papers are not considered in the calculation of the indicators presented in the tables below.	0
Prior studies have also not been able to shed light on the diverse motivations that lead academics to take up co-affiliations.	1
Funding/Support: This study was funded in part by grant P30 AG15292-07 from the National Institute on Aging, which supports the Native Elder Research Center, a Resource Center for Minority Aging Research, and by grant UL1RR02514 from the National Center for Clinical Research, which supports the University of Washington Clinical and Translation Science Award.	0
The present study helps researchers to explain the process of studies and policy making in this area based on the identified areas of influence.	1
Thus, in this study, we aim at providing some insights on how we make decisions about the sources of information to which we dedicate our attentional resource.	1
As the hard sciences show, neither normal nor revolutionary sciences have inherently good or bad characteristics; indeed, replication increases validity of findings.	0
Instead, it takes into account the complexity of technological interrelatedness between patents.	1
Our study reveals the challenges faced by interdisciplinary research in the peer review process by Faculty Opinions, highlighting critical insights and suggesting vital improvements for evaluating interdisciplinary work.	1
The rest of the essay proceeds as follows: Section 2 briefly tracks the evolution of JBR during 1973 and 2020.	0
The novelty of the approach lies in its application of machine learning classification to documents containing unstructured text (e.g.	1
Our analysis of co-authorship links discovers clusters of publishing activity, presumably a consequence of acolytes attaching themselves to senior individuals.	1
With apologies, the order of presentation flows such that we cannot address the RQs neatly in numerical order.	0
This study used publicly available data and did not involve human subjects.	0
4, shown above, he makes indirect and consequently non-indexed reference to a large number of relevant papers: first to the reference stock of the six papers mentioned in Ref.	0
This method has the potential of revealing any field dependent difference in interests between the LIS and the non-LIS community and with special attention on the theoretical and methodical aspects of the articles.	0
The present study highlights the disparity in Brazilian gender authorship in articles published in surgical medical journals.	1
What was at the heart of this conception was a distinction made between two constitutive dimensions of (performance) measurement.	0
This study aspires to fill this literature gap by investigating whether papers with a greater extent of emerging technological ideas also have a greater scientific impact, as measured by citation intensity.	1
This article offers a comprehensive plagiarism assessment rubric from a four-year study of analyzing students' plagiarism.	1
With this definition, let's make a brief grasp of the methods of measuring the degree of interdisciplinarity.	0
2 FACAMP-Faculdades de Campinas, Estrada Municipal UNICAMP-Telebrás Km 1, s/n Cidade Universitária Zeferino Vaz, Campinas, SP 13083-970, Brazil	0
In all, in this paper we present a primitive attempt to deepen our understandings on the collaboration modes in interdisciplinary research fields.	1
The first half of this section provides the performance analysis results of the corpus of articles.	0
A general term R is used as a reference paper whose impact factor is to be found.	0
This article aims to bring fresh evidence on globalization of scientific communication.	1
This paper overcomes these challenges by examining targeted grant opportunities at the NIH-which request particular types of science-and a validated algorithm that measures the “scientific similarity” between two abstracts-i.e., how similar a scientist's publications are to the science requested by the NIH.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there is no evaluation of the IJGFS using the bibliometric analysis method.	1
For instance, the Nation and the New York Times both are cited by more than 44 percent of the scholars studied by Weissinger.	0
research environments and/or sociotechnical mechanisms in ResearchGate) affecting scientists' decision making in sharing their articles through ResearchGate, this initial study tried to specify attitudinal, normative and control belief factors affecting scientists' article sharing behaviors at the individual level.	1
For a journal to have an IF calculated, it needs to be included in one of two Thomson Reuters databases:	0
This is the first study that depicts the global network of Wroc?aw scientific activities in the field of social sciences.	1
The power differential between faculty and students, the students' limited epistemic development, the busy-ness of the faculty, and the faculty's failure to prioritize authorship have been identified as key factors inhibiting both undergraduate and graduate students from developing a deeper understanding of responsible authorship and publication practices.	1
Finally, this paper provides relatively thorough perspectives and reviews and discloses the future development trend of this journal and challenges for scholars, which will promote the development of the journal and in-depth research of scholars.	1
In general, these studies used indicators that are overly universal in the sense that they were designed to be applicable to highly heterogeneous populations of websites, not only archival.	1
Maggioni, Teodora Erika Uberti & Annunziata de Felice (2012) Co-authorship and productivity among Italian economists, Applied Economics Letters, 19:16, 1609-1613, DOI: 10.1080/13504851.2011.646063	0
We observed a marked increase in scholarly output between those without a graduate degree and those with a master's or PhD.	1
While several studies have been conducted on the growth and publishing of traditional LIS journals, the present study is an attempt to make a comprehensive review of the phenomena.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
This article explores the linguistic patterns of emotional expression in citation context, and on this basis recognizes the sentimental polarity of citation context.	1
No outside funding was received in support of this research or for the preparation of this work.	0
These perceptions may serve as useful basis for future research and hypothesis generation on research integrity issues in small scientific communities.	1
Therefore, this paper aims to provide a unique perspective for deeply understanding Chinese ECRs' scholarly communication attitudes and behaviors from all aspects.	1
Some additional theories relevant to academic tenure include the discussion of “up-or-out" employment settings, where workers either receive a promotion or are let go at some stage.	0
Incorporating the process of the hypothesis-driven data instrumentation can accelerate the hypothesis-testing cycle for data-driven hypotheses in management of interdisciplinary research project.	1
Many past studies have shown the importance of geographical distance for knowledge diffusion, but the current study solves the problem of how people can link their resources from shorter-distance regions to wider regions.	1
1 This 'short curriculum vitae' lists Hartley's major publications (for the sake of convenience).	0
This is used to compute the final Article Citation Impact (ACI) of each article in the collection of pertinent articles, as described in Section 3.3.	0
We propose an improvement over the co-word analysis method based on semantic distance.	1
In order to attempt to move beyond the limitations of the previous studies outlined above, we consider that it is necessary to conduct more detailed and thorough case studies.	1
While the online usage of OA books is rising, AUP has not found evidence that open access harms sales of printed editions.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first evaluation and validation of a questionnaire measuring publication pressure among medical scientists.	1
In economics, RePEc has become an essential source for the spread of knowledge and ranking of individual authors and academic institutions.	0
Finally, I thank my audience at the annual meeting of the Canadian Society for the History and Philosophy of Science, and the philosophy departments at the University of Saskatchewan, University of Mississippi, Trent University and the University of Guelph, to whom I presented earlier versions of the paper.	0
In our study, we assumed that the address of the coauthor represents the country of the article.	0
We are grateful for the contributions of the study coordinator Justin Northrup, MPT, and Daniel Sapeika, MS, MD who performed the content analysis.	0
14 This description is directly taken from Abadie and Cattaneo (2018).	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
These were followed by 15 authors that had three publications (not shown).	0
This study aims to serve as a precedent for later studies and contribute as a reference of Mexican production to the scientific community and as a tool to elaboration of national public policy in science and technology.	1
Table 4 presents sample ranking results and their rank values achieved under each system.	0
Therefore bibliographic coupling provides an objective and quantitative perspective to the assessment of author contributions to collaborative research.	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Xuqiu Wei is a PhD candidate at the School of Information Management, Wuhan University.	0
While previous works have focused their attention on the automatic processing of many other aspects of scientific writing, such as citation analysis [30], topic modelling [31], research relatedness based on content similarity [32], fact checking [33], and argumentative analysis [34], we are not aware of formal systemic comparisons between preprints and published papers that focused on tracking/ extracting all changes, with related studies either producing coarse-grained analyses [13] or relying only on derivative resources such as Wikipedia edit history [35] or utilising a small sample size and a single reader [16].	1
To bridge that gap, this paper contributes with an extensive bibliometric study of scholarly publications on this topic.	1
AR academic reputation, ER employer reputation, CI citation per faculty member, FS student faculty ratio, IF international faculty, IS international students	0
Using several quantitative diffusion indicators, we investigate software diffusion patterns as well as trends in academic impact.	1
Concern about the quality of research in science and technology has increased in recent years.1	0
2006; Ashcraft and Breitzman 2007; Murray and Graham 2007; Gatchair 2010), an original and significant finding in this study from two relative measures, women's relative participation and contribution, is that women may be better situated in nanotechnology.	1
I suggested the fractional scoring (Schreiber, 2012b) as a new scoring rule as the final solution of the problem.	1
Our bibliometric study provides an analysis of the current state and trajectory of surgical research in Asian countries.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0264-0473.htm	0
We thank Omer Gazit, Jane Hunter, Ian Tarr, and Kathleen Wets from F1000 for providing us with the F1000 data set, for helping us with the interpretation of the data, and for providing feedback on an earlier version of the article.	0
However, relatively few studies compare the results of completely different approaches – human, statistical, machine, etc.	1
The authors would like to acknowledge financial support from the China Scholarship Council (Grant No.	0
The studies covering research in LIS can be viewed from two distinct perspectives.	0
Our empirical analysis of the effect of online availability on cites can be read as a play in two acts.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that RePEc data are used to study early publication productivity and its relation to degree program and advisor.	1
Received 31 December 2016; Received in revised form 7 March 2018; Accepted 8 March 2018	0
1 that shows that team size has been increasing.	1
Acknowledgment: We thank lain Chalmers, MD, for providing advice and reviewing drafts of the manuscript revision, and Philippa Middleton, BSc, and Sarah White for their help with the literature searches and administration of the review.	0
The paper highlights robust rankings based on the harmonic mean of the ranks of 20 RAMs, which in some cases are closely related.	1
For a clearer presentation, Average Ratings were multiplied by 10, i.e., averages per 10 records are shown in the figure.	0
Among the main conclusions, it is worth noting that there is a change in the nature of migration, namely, the transition from brain drain to drain sharing, from irrevocable migration and loss of intellectual capital to its sharing.	1
As we will see, however, one can also say some interesting things about the history of the paper, some of which are not directly evident from the application of the classification scheme.	0
Graphical representation of the Gs index for measuring the inequality of citation distribution in sleeping period.	0
One largely unexplored issue in the research literature is how dense and reciprocal do research collaborations have to be to conclude that knowledge co-production has occurred.	1
Compared with existing studies, our approach jointly analyzing the altmetrics and citation indicator, and 8 alt-metric indicators are being investigated for their applicability for book impact evaluation among six fields.	1
This work further evaluates the applicability of the novelties from the domain of Natural Language Processing, as well as from Machine Learning sub-fields Deep Learning and Transfer Learning in solving the task, which are not used in the referenced related work.	1
This paper describes a bibliometric study on open access journal publication, which has rarely been performed within the specific context of document supply issues.	1
This shows that the problem we study is not necessarily convex.	0
3 Comparison between DIRIA and DIRCIA of the nine countries with the greatest production in 2004.	0
Our study of modified lotteries indicates that the threshold for rigour does not need to be unrealistically high to yield important benefits.	1
This study analyses the evolution of paper mill papers, their characteristics, and their visibility in the scientific community	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Because of the lack of LCA studies using this approach, this article can stimulate the development of similar studies in other countries and regions.	1
In this paper, we attempt to fill this gap by introducing measures for the interdisciplinarity of academic sources using the novel approach of analyzing keyword frequency in a representative set of articles in an academic journal.	1
It is clear that this paper helps researchers who study the neuroscience to recognize significant changes and trends in the literature of neurosciences.	0
Received 18 December 2006; accepted in revised form 20 December 2007	0
1 Growth tendency of SCI-EXPANDED publications on wastewater-energy nexus research over the last 40 years	0
Performance and collaboration of 30 scientists who worked in DCP for the whole time	0
A journal's national orientation was considered as an important factor influencing the impact of journals in general.	1
Our analysis offers insights about the possibly bidirectional association of funding and citation impact and provides a map of US science across 2 important dimensions.	1
The authors thank all students and supervisors of the Doctoral School of Sustainable Development (dokNE II) and the Animal Husbandry group of the Division of Livestock Sciences at the University for Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, for valuable input to this work as well as the Human Ecology Research Group at the University of Vienna for fruitful and inspiring discussions.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):?-?, 2015	0
Our findings suggest that three logics interact in respondents' journal valuations: institutional evaluation regimes, differing epistemic cultures, and the influence of the commercial publishing industry.	1
Thus, it is the intention of the current study to use both databases for investigating these processes and compare the results with those from Web of Science and Scopus (Elsevier; Baas et al., 2020).	1
In this contribution, we have investigated two sophisticated article-level approaches to ex-post citation normalization.	1
This article aims at filling this gap by developing and testing empirically a quantitative measure of the extent the (past or expected) performance of beneficiaries is taken into account when distributing public R&D funding, broadly identified through the perimeter of Global Budgetary Appropriations for R&D (GBARD) in the Frascati Manual (FM) (OECD 2015).	1
This comprehensive bibliometric study provides an in-depth analysis of the publication trend and general citation structure of JOM publications published between 1975 and 2019.	1
We conclude that books should be evaluated by types and contents while using different measures per each.	1
The definition of the common terms used in the paper is given below.	0
Although Health Sciences have been one of the leading fields promoting Open Access, the perspectives of Health Science researchers on the benefits and possibilities of Open Access remain an open question.	1
Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Rita D'Amico, Institute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies, CNR, Via San Martino della Battaglia, 44, 00185-Roma, Italy.	0
Raw citation counts rather than log transformations were used in this table.	0
We were able to determine that 498 potential participants visited the Web cover page, 315 advanced to the survey page, and 223 completed the survey.	0
Therefore, in this study for the first time the type of publications (meta-analyses, RCTs, clinical studies, case reports, etc.) has been examined.	1
In this paper, we upscale this study by testing the p-index on a million researchers in computer science.	1
Here we argue three key points relating to impact as a concept drawing upon empirical data.	1
This provides a richer picture than the sample-wide results that suggest the dominance of 'research methods' only.	1
With an analysis of topic evolution, we divide the diffusion process into five stages: testing and evaluation, implementation, improvement, extending, and fading.	1
The reported OAAA for both books and chapters confirms both the importance of promoting OA for books and chapters, especially to reach non-academic audiences, and the utility of using altmetric data to measure this phenomenon.	1
Sixteen years after, interest in open access publication has increased significantly among all scientific communication stakeholders, including researchers, institutions, funding bodies and publishers.	0
Different from previous works that mainly utilized topics from contexts of textual citations in different applications, our work makes the following contributions:	1
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
Jaffe 2014), there is a similarity in the distribution of the publishing behaviours of individual scholars across all the sciences, from theoretical physics to Latin language and literature, from molecular biology to law.	1
We present a list of indicators that could be collected by all data sharing platforms for clinical cohort studies (e.g., disease focused patient cohorts, disease agnostic population cohorts...) in Table 1.	1
Administration & Society OnlineFirst, published on July 21, 2014 as doi:10.1177/0095399714541265	0
Learning Sciences, The University of Texas at Austin, Mail code G2100, Austin, TX 78713, USA	0
This is the type of EC conducted by companies such as Amazon.com.	0
Received: 29 April 2024 Revised: 19 July 2024 Accepted: 20 August 2024	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Research involving human and animal rights This research does not involve human or animal participants.	0
In each graph, the black circle shows direct citation, the white triangle shows co-citation, and the black square shows bibliographic coupling.	0
Support from the Carlsberg Foundation to one of us (POL) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
Here we necessarily disregard other layers to the notion of knowledge community we have been discussing, such as values, normative and social control aspects.	0
The findings highlight the importance of curating retraction data through affiliation-specific queries in the RWDB, adhering to the official English names of Chinese universities for scholarly publishing, and adopting the Research Organization Registry system for affiliation disambiguation.	1
Nevertheless, the results may contribute to advancing the debate on that transition, at least as far as its financial viability from the perspective of commercial publishers is concerned.	1
To the best of our knowledge, no quantitative study has examined the patterns of international scientific collaboration in LSRFs, although that ranks highly in the funding rationale of governments and backing agencies.	1
After the former special issue had been published in 2001, the scientometrics landscape in Russia has changed dramatically.	1
* Correspondence: Hua Mei, Shanghai University of Medicine and Health Sciences, Shanghai 201318, China (e-mail:xzmei1208@163.com).	0
This study makes a compelling case for the need to control for the confounding influence of article age within any comparative analysis.	1
Table 3 Likelihood of dissertations by advisor background (logistic regressions) for non-medical dissertations	0
This study can be considered as objective and comprehensive evidence of a significant knowledge gap in stakeholder theory in the current hospitality literature.	1
In addition, this study is unique in its amalgamation of general attitudes, views to the future, and the importance of different audiences as indicators of the overall value of OA publishing to authors.	1
This work differs from existing studies by a broader concept of openness, the selection of active open participants as respondents and the survey design that links open dynamics with structural problems of traditional academic publishing and the Chinese context.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:540409 []	0
Based on publication data statistics which present OA trends at HKU and informal discussions held with researchers from across the faculties of HKU, this research helps to better understand academic researchers' attitudes in moving towards OA publishing, and to identify the major issues and challenges arising from such transition.	1
The test for significance was two tailed, and a p value <.05 was considered significant.	0
This becomes even more problematic for contemporary cases of emerging technologies (Rotolo et al., 2015), notwithstanding the challenges associated with terminology changes and differing levels of coverage in data sets (Hopkins & Siepel, 2013).	0
A hybrid approach of machine learning and bibliometric indicator to emerging topic prediction is presented.	1
Such bibliometric analysis might be useful in creating future of India.	0
In particular, it problematizes the (roughly put) idea that the RAEs are a mechanism for top-down state control, with strongly negative blanket-impacts on disciplines, institutions and individual researchers.	1
Thus, the entire curriculum data repository of the Lattes Platform was analyzed, enabling an unprecedented study on the Brazilian production of articles in open access journals using data from DOAJ.	1
The average and median values of each data set are also shown.	0
This study has demonstrated that the Malays within Malaysia, whose numbers have expanded greatly since the early 1980s, are now dominating scientific research, and that their situation has changed greatly over the last 40 years.	1
Our proposed measure builds on the network betweenness centrality concept (Borgatti and Everett 2006; Freeman 1979) and demonstrates several favourable features as discussed above.	1
This is because the Table 1 only includes articles indexed in a platform, whereas Tables 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 include articles in one or the other provider that have an altmetric event.	0
Therefore, localizing these criteria by the advantages model, ranking systems features, continuous development and medical universities evaluation based on these indicators pro- vide new opportunities for the development of the country especially through online media.	1
By taking a multidisciplinary stance and by triangulating, we propose a conceptual model that highlights the complex dynamics behind low-profile misconduct which is unmapped in prior literature.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
[b] Ehlers is referring to the pivotal post-World War II science policy document written by Vannevar Bush, Science, the endless frontier: A report to the President (1945).	0
We can use the studies on medicine and the social sciences as a comparison against our own findings.	0
In 2004, Serials Solutions OpenURL links had been made available in the majority of the institution's online database collections, providing direct links to the online articles when available.	0
Given the drawbacks of the existing methods, we expanded the method of knowledge combination and proposed an approach for evaluating the originality of a paper based on the semantic network of its content.	1
1 WISE Lab, Institute of Science of Science and S&T Management, Dalian University of Technology, Dalian, China	0
L. Egghe of the LUC of Belgium who has been kind enough to read the manuscript and has helped us to correct some errors in English and mathematical notations.	0
We begin our analysis by looking at the overall submission profile.	0
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.	0
In this paper, for the first time, we will complement bookmark counts with other usage metrics that can be computed in a social bookmarking service.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Therefore, hs is very similar to the percentile score but slightly easier to compute.	0
Second, this study has allowed to predict two clone journals before their websites became operational.	1
But in this study, we have also detected a specific subgroup of intellectual virtues, which we have called interpersonal intellectual virtues, that are essential for developing any successful collective epistemic enterprise.	1
The results bring a comprehensive understanding of the historical trends, patterns, and drivers of collaboration in Cuba.	1
However, the application to marketing-related journals also demonstrates the superiority of the consensus ranking over a simpler approach involving rank averaging.	1
The interaction of these two measures results in a new measure that we call as the semantic similarity adjusted co-citation index.	1
Our study constructed a more comprehensive dataset than previous studies, encompassing 24,292,991 complete careers of scholars across 19 scientific disciplines from 1950 to 2015.	1
We address this identification challenge by exploiting a natural experiment.	1
The award recipients annually until completion of the NIF applications via a short electronic survey.	0
The hypothesis in this study was supported by the empirical analysis.	1
Instead of the typical one-dimensional, rank-based approach to journal evaluations, this study used several quantitative techniques to identify the scientific communication patterns and structural influences of 47 key business journals.	1
We used the statistical software Stata to analyze the data (StataCorp., 2017).	0
In this paper we have introduced two different types of project networks in order to capture different properties of the set: the directed and the undirected one.	1
The present study attempts to map the growth of LIS literature in OA journals with special reference to periodicals published from Asian countries.	1
Furthermore, in these studies the share of journals in each quartile were not the same due to the “optimistic” and “pessimistic” modes used for avoiding the double counting, and only considered articles and reviews document types.	1
In this work, we provided a framework to understand and quantify the role of randomness in the success of creative fields across different domains.	1
Health Information Research Unit, Department of Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, McMaster University Faculty of Health Sciences, Hamilton, ON, Canada L8N 3Z5	0
As a whole, this study clarifies the extent to which citation-based indicators of journals' quality are measurements that depend on geopolitical and socioeconomic factors.	1
As can be seen from Table II, a total of 683 journals are involved;	0
The match rate is over 85 percent and the matched and unmatched inventors appear similar on observables, as documented in Bell et al.	0
The underlying importance of this study stems from the fact that faculty members represent the basic pillar of academic integrity, and their ATP, whether positive or negative, affect their students and academic behaviour in general.	1
The latter database contains individual data for all researchers in the higher education sector and institute sector in Norway.	0
Supplemental data for this article can be accessed on the publisher's website.	0
No prior research has counted citations to articles separately by originating section (i.e., the section of the citing article that contains the in-text citation) but some have reported the distribution of in-text citations between sections.	1
His research interests focus on bibliometrics, informetrics, scholarly communication, and research evaluation.	0
As such, 60 sample papers were drawn for each H&SS subjects.	0
The table reports the estimates based on the model specification in the Eq.	0
Building on the major goal of assess scholarly influence of big data and AI in social sciences, the novelty of this paper within the social sciences framework is threefold: (1) We will measure and evaluate big data and AI research output; (2) We will visualise the scholarly influence of specific subjects and (3) We will scrutinise the complexity of impact of computational social sciences through citation networks analysis.	1
(1) A novel peer review system is proposed.	1
This analysis identifies what has been seen to be of such importance in scientific terms that it is commonly used in citations.	1
OA is no substitute for a much more comprehensive rethink of what constitutes useful and legitimate knowledge about the world, and efforts to break down the artificial walls that the journal system has helped create between academics and the rest of us.	1
*The vertical axes in the graphs measure percent frequency in the relative corpora.	0
Collaboration patterns measured by the amount of co-authorship clusters with different dimensions	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
In this study, it aimed to apply the idea and method of ACA to analyze the information interaction intensity and contents of enterprise web users and provided useful information for better enterprise management.	1
Fortunately, the first problem does not arise and the second is not at issue in this study.	0
D. Mitchell of the Department of Physiology, University of the Witwatersrand, to use the log method of calculation.	0
The objective is to find a parameter-free solution for citation-impact assessment at this level of aggregation that is insensitive to possible outliers.	1
The authors would like to thank Professor Richard Cox, Professor David Allen Wehr and Peter Spink, and the anonymous reviewers for their thoughtful comments and editing.	0
Second, we measure the closeness of the BRICS thematic structure of publications versus one another and versus the general research agenda in the rest of the world using different indices of structural difference.	1
I thank the Institute for Scientific Information for a grant that enabled this research to be undertaken.	0
Keywords-BRS-compactness, Networks, Hyperlinks, Internet, Citation networks, Collaboration graphs, Generalized Wiener index, Sum of distances in a graph.	0
The author thanks Professor David Turner for his help in editing.	0
Examples of output types and scoring in the Polish PRFS and the British REF	0
Code availability Rcode used for analysis in this study is provided as supplementary material.	0
The aim of this paper is to empirically study the NI as a new ranking method in more detail and to provide possible improvements.	1
The cloud highlights the words that are used most frequently in the groups' description.	0
1 Box plots comparing the two sets in Psychiatry (four or more articles)	0
The average rank is not an average of the other three rank values but a rank based on the average.	0
The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of open access on the policy impact, which might initiate a new controversial topic.	1
The weighting values were assigned following advice from Italian researchers in the life sciences.	0
The Title field-only option too may have affected our citation analysis, thus, all conclusions presented here should be interpreted within the context of these limitations.	0
I appreciate their commentary bringing more attention to this topic because I share their concern about the misuse of bibliometrics like the impact factor and its potential adverse effects on journals and scholarship, as well as the visibility of Kinesiology scholarship in academia which has been the impetus to this recent line of my research.	0
Employing an institutionalist perspective, this article aims to explore the implementation of the global model of the international journal in Ukraine.	1
What cluster the individual documents belong to has been marked by adding the cluster number to the document labels.	0
Finally, we note that we only take into account whether a term occurs in a publication or not.	0
Bristol Centre for Antimicrobial Research & Evaluation, Southmead Health Services NHS Trust and University of Bristol, Department of Medical Microbiology, Southmead Hospital, Westbury-on-Trym, Bristol BS10 5NB, UK	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the related work.	0
The structured comparison of GOA and TA publications, along with the application of non-parametric techniques and advanced distribution models, ensures that this study provides both confirmation of existing findings and new insights into the complex mechanisms driving growth in bibliometric and altmetric measures.	1
The second tier is California-Berkeley, Columbia, Michigan, Minnesota, Northwestern, Pennsylvania, Rochester, UCLA, and Wisconsin.	0
Relative frequency of the time of first citation (all fields combined)	0
The impact of research is driven by its value, which could be distinguished by both the general public and the academic community.	1
Keywords: social impact of research; impact assessment; social media; altmetric; tourism	0
1 Faculty of Science, Mohammed V University of Rabat, 4, Avenue Ibn Battouta, B.P.	0
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
However, the authors’ expert forecast makes it possible to say that, if the emerging trends continue, by 2030 the number of WCUs of Europe and the United States in the Top 100 of many global ratings can be equalized, leading to a kind of Euro–American parity in the higher education sector.	1
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/364572907	0
Figure 1: Distribution of citers of the Nigerian predatory medical open access journals	0
This part of the survey had a response rate of 33%.	0
A total of 3917 journal articles were identified using the search strategy.	0
All article reviews were performed under the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine Library subscription to the National Library of Medicine's PubMed database.	0
Main finding on statistically estimated authorship concentration pattern versus that predicted by Lotka's Law	0
Our study is noteworthy as we explored self-reported plagiarism practices and found that one-third of postgraduate students self-reported at least one act of plagiarism.	1
For more detailed information about the editorial board information, please refer to (Ni & Ding, 2010).	0
This work was supported by a grant from the Spanish Ministry of Science and Technology (Dirección General de Investigación) and the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF/FEDER, project SEJ2007-66236/SOCI).	0
Table 2 shows that the percentage of grant-funded articles is higher in subscription journals than in low APC and free OA journals.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-March 2011 469	0
Fonte financiadora: Funda??o de Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado de Minas Gerais (Fapemig) - PPM-00345-11 e 00286-11	0
FIGURE 4 | The international collaboration network in digital learning and teaching between SEA nations and partner countries.	0
This work is part of the global NewQis-project [11], testing methods towards their possible application for historical analyses.	1
In this paper, the spatial diversities of authors are taken into account to calculate the citation rank (SDCR) for evaluating authors’ impacts, assuming that the citations from authors in different geographical locations are more important than citations from authors in the same geographical locations.	1
This study advances our understanding of teamwork coaching in the research development (RD) process by analyzing proposal support in a U.S. Medical School (2009–2019).	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The present manuscript contributes to the literature by showing the impact of sequential submission order on the editorial decision to desk reject a manuscript, without impact on the decision after peer review.	1
The bar labelled as “Others” includes all remaining journals that had less than 10 publications each	0
In keeping with the research orientation of these two organizations, this study provides a unique perspective on scholarly impact by focusing on a sample of academics committed to knowledge creation.	1
To get a full picture of the six disciplines, this study investigates the knowledge diffusion of the six disciplines of business research using a large dataset containing over 400,000 journal-to-journal citations for business journals published during 1997–2009.	1
14 The interested reader can find more details on all the techniques elsewhere (Saltelli et al.	0
Here, we present findings illustrating critical differences between uncited articles and an equivalent number of highly cited ophthalmology articles published in the same period that will assist investigators seeking to maximize the impact of their research.	1
In this paper, we take a step in this direction by defining two quantitative aggregate measures: a measure of innovation and a characterization of the core-periphery structure of concepts within the studied field.	1
K. C. Garg is in the CSIR-National Institute of Science, Technology and Development Studies, Dr K.	0
Therefore, this paper proposes a main path analysis based framework to discover the science-technology-industry linkages, in which scientific publications, patents, and products are viewed as respective proxies of scientific research, technological advance, and industrial development.	1
The first is to propose a parsimonious theoretical model that allows us to address some of the key trade-offs that arise in designing the optimal reward scheme for journals.	1
The core components of hypergraphs-nodes, ties, hyperedges, hyperties, and local neighborhoods-give rise to structural characteristics at multiple levels (e.g., node, hyperedge, hypergraph levels) (Sullivan, Zhu, Lungeanu, & Contractor, 2012).	0
Fragments of A and B are seen in Tables 4 and 5.	0
Although the categorization could undergo further elaboration, it provides a new way of discussing counting methods and shows the diversity in arguments for counting methods.	1
b Precision of Author ID calculated by the mean of each Author ID	0
a society or other partner) holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the author(s) or other rightsholder(s); author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law.	0
First, we investigate the link between expert scores and journal ranking post-DORA, paying special attention to potential differential effects of institutions' declared adherence to responsible assessment.	1
In what follows, all the proofs are relegated to the "Appendix".	0
We thank the anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments on the initial version of our article.	0
Proof: As a k-shell has at least k+1 nodes, each with degree at least k, the h-index of this k-shell is at least k.	0
We are grateful to Rick Anderson, Associate Dean for Collections & Scholarly Communication at the J.	0
These results represent the first published analysis of the time interval between an article's addition to PubMed and its indexing with MeSH terms for publications of any type.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
How to cite this article: Ho, Y.-S., Fu, H.-Z., & McKay, D.	0
Consequently, we adopt a mixed methods analytic approach that focuses not only at the epistemic level but also at the scholar level.	1
All authors were given credit for each publication at their respective institution.	0
Our study provides the first insights regarding the post retraction citations in radiology-imaging diagnostic methods scientific literature available in PubMed.	1
We can then compute a single-valued composite outcome indicator for the research performance of each institution in each area by introducing the second-order indicator’ called the exergy term from the quantity (size) and quality (excellence) indicators, x = i2P.	1
It also erodes the dominant discourse on the immediate relation between scientific productivity and academic and investigative development.	1
With little published introspection on the journal save for a keyword analysis (Mitchell, Brysch, and Collins 2015), this work follows a very small research base in geography where journal authorship has been investigated.	1
The selection of the eight topic extraction approaches compared in this paper is opportunistic in that these are the approaches developed and used by the teams that have come together to collaborate and produce this special issue on 'Same Data, Different Results'.1	1
In the next section we provide descriptive statistics derived from the collected data.	0
Although the number of female faculty at Addis Ababa University increases, their research involvement is not well documented.	1
The author is very grateful to the anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments and suggestions for improvements.	0
These two metrics along with various estimates of the mean are computed for four journals and the metrics discussed.	0
It aims to add to the literature by focusing on later adopters of open access policies, providing a framework and concrete examples for developing a policy and launching advocacy efforts in the wake of the OSTP memorandum and its coming implementation over the next several years.	1
The concept of linguistic segregation is discussed to explain the citation patterns of the BRICS journalism researchers, especially the central role of Anglosphere scholarship.	1
Before the results are discussed, the limitations to the method should be made clear.	0
Acknowledgements This research was supported by NSF SciSIP Collaborative Grants to Erin Leahey and Sondra Barringer (Award #s 1461989 and 1461846).	0
Department of Endocrinology, Guang’anmen Hospital, China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences, No.5 BeiXianGe Street, XiCheng District, Beijing 100053, China	0
Received 18 February 2015 and in revised form 23 November 2015; Accepted 14 December 2015	0
[22] in 2013 published the first comprehensive review of citation classics in the broad specialty of pediatrics, including all pediatric sub-specialties.	1
This way, the present research differs from previous ones in two essential characteristics: (1) the unit of analysis (countries of a specific region), and, (2) the variables used for the study.	1
We summarize related concepts in “Background and related work” section, and describe the methods we used to obtain the data and to conduct our empirical analysis in “Research method" section.	0
It was Price who in 1963 reported that there is a growing trend towards team work in research and multiauthorship since the begining of the 20th ceuntry.1	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
2009a) in order to measure the impact of authors’ knowledge on the world in citation networks.	0
We introduce the field bow-tie decomposition of a citation network (see Methods), which proves to be one of the most discriminative approaches for comparing the citation topology of bibliographic databases (see Results).	1
Our case study shows that the results can be extremely positive regarding transparency, not only for research work, but also for the work in academic and research libraries, adding to their status in their institutions.	1
When comparing this property to other recursive prestige procedures, only IW has this very desirable property of a measure of quality.	1
Despite their differences, which, in part, reflect differences in the ways in which knowledge is socially constructed and utilised from one discipline or field to another, they have much in common.	0
However, these are still unknown to most of academia.	1
We present the experimental results and analyze them in section 4.	0
Since there are no data existing on the international architecture of NSI research available, the present study used the NewQIS project platform (Groneberg-Kloft et al.	1
This document was presented to the senior editor and CEDIR staff with a demonstration of the procession of one article from submission through to publication.	0
We also compare it with other fields: applied physics and microbiology.	0
This constitutes an important difference in view of potential applications compared to 'top-down' techniques that cluster large publication sets into fields or topics (e.g., based on words via Latent Dirichlet Allocation: Blei, Ng, & Jordan, 2003; or based on citation relations: Waltman & van Eck, 2012 and Boyack & Klavans, 2014, the latter also using textual similarity for visualization in a map).	1
Smith (2010) The Use of Web of Knowledge to Study Publishing and Citation Use for Local Researchers at the Campus Level, Collection Management, 35:2, 69-82, DOI: 10.1080/01462671003597959	0
We contribute to this debate by offering one of the first empirical tests of the theory based on fine-grained comparison of the research conducted in the same medical field according to the principles of new and established sciences.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
News and World Report 2022 Graduate School Rankings where the UIUC chemistry program is ranked at #6, engineering is #10 (with computer science at #5), biological sciences is #27, sociology is #49 and social work is #22 (but psychology is #7), English is #20 with literary criticism at #18, and history is ranked #21.	1
The study is first of its kind, as it highlights the economic burden that the authors share in a fee-based open access publishing world.	1
Thus, while the majority of currently available videos introduce viewers to the h-index, there is room for improvement in terms of providing comprehensive content for viewers to enable them to critically assess and effectively and ethically use this scholarly metric.	1
The rankings used in the analysis are presented in Table 1.	0
This work reveals the distinctiveness of author interdisciplinarity, which has long been neglected in RID, and an extended Rao-Stirling diversity measure is proposed, to specifically evaluate the author interdisciplinarity.	1
We empirically investigate these hypotheses for four different manipulation strategies; coercive citation, self-serving review articles, editorials, and online queuing.	1
Making use of a clustering methodology, we introduce a biclustering model that accounts for both homogeneity/heterogeneity among faculties and correlations between indicators.	1
To better understand issues related to transparency and quality feedback in peer review, we examined how reviewers use the confidential comments section of an online peer-review system.	1
To this end, we developed an algorithm that could present emerging technology candidates by applying indicators of novelty, fast growth and impact, and applied it to a plasma surface treatment case.	1
Please note that in order to increase the readability of the graph, the vertical axis covers the range 60–100 % only.	0
In our opinion, these data demonstrate the critical inhomogeneity with the IX.	0
The third part of the original paper of BET isotherm covers applicability of the isotherm on a number of catalysts and adsorbents.	0
However, there has been no related study examining the validity of this hypothesis.	1
To examine the comparative changes in productivity and impact of the graduates over time, Table 1 was constructed.	0
Average percentile of papers correlated (at least 60%) with 1991 papers vs.	0
This paper provides a dynamic approach to the process of building knowledge-based societies in developing and emerging regions and countries worldwide through a new understanding of the co-evolution of human capital formation and research capacity.	1
This finding is in contradiction with the results of a recent study by Fleming et al.	1
James Morris, Marriage and Family Therapy Program, Box 41210, Lubbock, Texas, 79409-1210, USA; E-mail: james.morris@ttu.edu	0
This research was conducted with the support of a UMRG grant (RG001/09ICT) from the University of Malaya (UM).	0
The inset is review articles distributions of seafood cold chain logistics, the energy consumption analysis, and the electrode materials.	0
We also base our study on scientific publications, but believe our study has three main advantages compared to the current literature.	1
In fact, such rather hasty conclusions show deficiencies of the analysis that overlooks the key organizational features we will identify with the help of organization theory.	1
Labels denote countries in the top ten for collaborative links in each map.	0
Demonstrating this in a predictive, much less causal, context falls beyond the scope of our analysis.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Hence, we proposed an amended K2 algorithm that only needs the order of variable sets as input, and leaves the determination of variable orders of the same set to the scoring function.	1
Moreover, the article contributes to broader debates about the ways in which science systems convert inputs into desirable outputs.	1
This issue is not a large problem, because when non-political scientists are represented, they are much more likely to work at universities in which virtually every department offers a Ph.D.	0
Published online 1 November 2007 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com) DOI: 10.1002/smj.659	0
The findings of this study provide significant contributions to SM, general management, and organization literature in several ways and represent the first published attempt to explore the intellectual structure and evolution of collaboration among authors in SM field via authorship and co-authorship analysis from both the macro and micro levels.	1
Figure 3: The reported barriers to developing a research career by young transplant surgeons	0
Received: 6 January 2023 / Accepted: 2 October 2023 / Published online: 30 October 2023	0
1 Neighbourhood size of the hexagonal and rectangular SOM lattice (Vesanto et al.	0
Frequency distribution of journals that TeraGrid users most frequently publish in.	0
Received 25 February 2019; Received in revised form 30 March 2019; Accepted 1 April 2019	0
Percentages in figure do not add to 100%, because the 'Other' category is not reported in figure.	0
Publisher: Taylor & Francis & Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
This work was also supported by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Korea and the National Research Foundation of Korea (NRF-2020S1A5B1104865).	0
Bibliometric analysis appears to be the most objective method for use by librarians.	1
In exploring the forms of worth and value that underpin the pursuit of legitimacy in these fields, the article provides a new theoretical framework for understanding research impact and its assessment.	1
The study contributes to SciTS literature by proposing the concept of dynamic networking (DN) that complements the various forms of academic collaboration that were already widely discussed, e.g.	1
The key point made in his paper is the systemic approach and the acknowledgement that 'Repositories and journals may interact in a future OA scholarly communication and dissemination environment' (emphasis added).	0
The names of the universities are kept anonymous and referred at all times as higher education institutions (hei)	0
Across the disciplines, several private funding sources were common to all four, including the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the Kellogg Foundation, the March of Dimes, and the Kaiser Foundation.	0
Please cite this article as: Shaikh S et al., The Association of Women Surgeons research grant: An analysis of the first 25 years, The American Journal of Surgery, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.amjsurg.2020.06.067	0
In this paper, we explore a largely unnoticed phenomenon within scholarly communications research, which we term “reverse flips”, the transition of an OA journal to a subscription model (including hybrid OA).	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Counts of links to and from Taiwanese universities against science and social science research productivity (inlinks – SSCI)	0
The present data support such a view by demonstrating an independent association between COVID-19-related topic and a higher probability of publishing but have two major limitations that preclude straightforward generalizations: (a) the analysis was limited only to a subset of all manuscripts “produced" during the observed period and those that were preprinted.	1
I will recall this point in the discussion on the roles of these evaluation tools.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Second, our modification of the AI to measure keywords helps determine the salient research topics of countries.	1
Centrality, elaborated by Freeman (1979), is a measure that is widely used to find core nodes in networks and to quantify how important they are relative to others.	0
This paper proposes a methodology that combines the probability of a topic's feature words with the number of publications under the topic to derive the topic intensity calculation index.	1
To the best of our knowledge, none have systematically and quantitatively examined the network of Chinese health law researchers and the characteristics of this network.	1
A factor not often included in the analysis of research productivity is race.	1
For reliability and sample representativity purposes, we chose to focus on established journals and practices;	0
This case study also contributes to such recommendations.	1
This is one of the first examinations of such a broad range of explanatory variables for a specific scientific discipline (though see Witte and Rogge 2010).	1
All data and materials support our published claims and comply with field standards.	0
Findings revealed that the current tourism research faces a shortage from a comprehensive overview of the trinity comprising tourism, sustainability, and competitiveness.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Network analysis is necessary to clarify the community structure and explain these relationships.	0
Before we explain our method, let us describe the second-order chain model briefly.	0
2 University of La Laguna, Departamento de Ingeniería Informática y de Sistemas, Avenida Astrofísico Francisco Sánchez s/n, 38271 La Laguna, Spain.	0
Table 3 compares means for men and women who held positions as assistant professors in graduate departments.	0
This work adds to the study of the development of science and links this development to citation analysis.	1
The datasets used for the analysis have been made available online [47].	0
In doing so, it sets out to fill a long-felt gap in the state of knowledge concerning the practices characterizing ECRs' tackling this crucial aspect of their initiation into the profession.	1
The constant a is a property of the collection of periodicals called the Bradford multiplier.	0
In these cases, Lotka's Law relating to the number of papers written by each author did not apply.	0
The author also wishes to express his deepest gratitude to the anonymous reviewers who certainly made this work better.	0
In what follows, one simple solution will be presented that provides more robust results, but is still sensitive to the cut-off point.	0
The vertex and edge are two essential elements of a network (Borgatti et al.	0
We come back to this issue later on in this section.	0
The mentioned report was a visiting case report which showed that a survey is needed to describe the details of this type of scientific fraud in Iran.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=core20	0
However, no systematic and comprehensive research on OA journals sponsored by CAST has been conducted.	1
The results corroborate that the relative ASI does not correlate to the number of papers as described by Finch (2010) for ASI.	1
It is found that in many empirical cases quartiles are not quarters, medians are not halves, world baselines are not unity, and integer thresholds lead to inequality of performance evaluation in different science fields.	1
This is visualised in a model (see Figure 1) that describes associations between the organisational aims to which different stakeholder representatives belong, that is, their roles and mandates; how they get or are prevented from getting access to information; their level of visibility on the ground, as well as their accessibility towards and connectedness with youth; and, finally, the key elements that determine a successful collaboration (moving stones).	1
1 is a histogram of numbers of citations for the Prize-winner, Officer, and Random groups.	0
Although varying in size, this is also the case in other subject categories.	0
The most frequently and consistently mentioned criteria referred to the expertise and record of high-quality performance of the candidate.	0
The node number appears on the left, followed by the first author and year of the core document.	0
News and World Report 2022 Graduate Schools Rankings.	1
1026 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2014	0
HOOMAN ESTELAMI is Associate Professor of Marketing and Co-director of the Pricing Center at Fordham University's Graduate School of Business Administration.	0
Firstly, the study introduces a novel framework for assessing temporal diversity in scholarly research.	1
Good journals employ a double-blind peer reviewing system and insist on various statistical and replicability requirements.	0
We justify the two expectations by developing a new measure DescriptiveBC (a new BC measure with descriptive capability), and empirically evaluate and analyze the performance of DescriptiveBC in the identification and navigation of highly related articles that have been judged (by domain experts) to be focusing on the same research topics.	1
The SCI-based measures play an increasing role in Science Indicators /10-12/and other national reports.	0
From the perspective of egocentric collaboration networks at the national level, this study focuses on heterogeneity in collaborative tie strength and quantifies the added value of strong ties for countries' scientific performance.	1
Technical details of the methodology can be found in Lütkepohl (1999) and Baltagi (2001).	0
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	0
Self-Citing and Self-cited Rates for 87 Most Productive Semiconductor Journals (Ranked by journal productivity)	0
* indicates statistical significance (p < .05), ** indicates significance p ≤ 0.01.	0
Funding This research was funded by CAPES-PrInt (Grant No Project 23745992806-2019-Print-Rpi).	0
Specifically, this is the first meta-ranking to feature both the random forests framework (a non-parametric state-of-the-art predictive learning method) for missing data imputation and data envelopment analysis (DEA) (an established non-parametric approach to performance evaluation of peer entities) for the aggregation of rankings.	1
The percentage is expressed as a fraction of 208 countries involved	0
While letters to the editor have previously raised questions about whether CRs should be published at all, no statistical analysis has been done up to now to support these statements [13–15].	1
The contribution that we bring to the current literature is the demonstration that, besides the different research strategies of the different disciplines (see e.g.	1
In the following paragraphs, multi-authored papers without contribution proportion clarification are discussed in accordance with usual cases.	0
The RCR is also a more accurate metric for evaluating early-career stage investigators.	1
All other codes used in this study are available from the authors upon reasonable request.	0
The approach proposed in our paper may contribute to enhance ranking methodologies, by reconciling the qualitative evaluation of academic prestige with its quantitative measurements via publication impact.	1
Editorial Decision date: November 20, 2020; online publish-ahead-of-print November 30, 2020.	0
This study will be useful for researcher nurses focusing on breast cancer to provide information on trending topics and limitations.	1
Therefore, given its current importance in funded science, it is critical that the behaviour and limitations of the journal impact factor be clearly understood.	0
Small (1973) provides one of the first applications of citation networks.	0
Publication authorship proves a point in displaying a more detailed picture of research than bibliographic coupling.	1
Oral Abstracts from the IDEAL Collaboration Conference 2016, 7 April 2016, Oxford, UK*	0
This article's new GreedySummariser method outperforms traditional abstracting methods on test data on all synthetic metrics.	1
It is believed that this is the first study of its kind to examine citation analyses and the trends associated with hypospadias publishing.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
However, none of these articles has focused on intellectual collaboration and co-authorship in JEEM.	1
2016 distribution of model tables and graphs in Academy of Management Journal and Organization Science	0
These results provide researchers with a guide and roadmap for the field.	1
I suggest this approach has resulted in the absenting or camouflaging of the contribution of women.	1
We instead argue that it provides questionable results, because it fails to properly consider the meaning of indicators built for different purposes, as well as the psychological bias generated by the wrong interpretation of those indicators.	1
The number of articles and the average number of posts per article by discipline	0
However, very little has been done to analyse the predictive power of models based on bibliometric indicators.	1
I would like to thank my CWTS colleague Thed van Leeuwen for the data collection, data analysis, and calculation of the bibliometric indicators for the set of research groups.	0
The authors of this study did not receive any funding neither from industry nor from academic institutions.	0
So far, no other study has been found analyzing the gold OA research output of Spanish institutions, although a recent study by Abadal et al.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate that scholarly productivity based on journal publication is associated with clinical performance during residency training.	1
Acknowledgment We would like to thank Terry Shinn for his useful help and comment.	0
Acknowledgements The present study is an extended version of an article presented at the 19th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Bloomington (USA), 2–5, July (Cao et al., 2023).	0
Conflict of interest All authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Despite numerous studies about several immigration areas can be found, there is no thorough scientometric analysis available.	1
3 VantagePoint is a knowledge mining software tool developed by Search Technology, Inc.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms- and-conditions	0
Ulrich's International Periodicals Directory currently encompasses about 165.000 regularly produced journals worldwide.	0
This study analyzes the content of the comments posted to the platform, to explore general patterns in the use of this web space.	1
In this study, we use a new variant of the indicator to identify publications which belong to the 1% (0.1%) most-referenced publications in all citing years between 1980 and 2017 in 205 subject categories (the indicator is named N_TOP0_1+).	1
In order to help with this reporting burden, we have developed the Academic Tracker software package, implemented in the Python 3 programming language and supporting Linux, Windows, and Mac operating systems.	1
I explore reasons for collaborating across sectors, addressing a gap in the literature.	1
Other documents, such as news and EIC editorials, are opted out from our analyses.	0
The views and opinions expressed in this paper are the authors' and do not necessarily represent those of the Joint Research Center or the European Commission.	0
A certain title from the twenty-nine journals can be counted more than once in the above bullet list.	0
We are grateful to former editor of the Bulletin of Marine Science, S Sponaugle, for the inspiration and initial idea that resulted in this work.	0
Unfortunately, it appears that the final nails have already been driven into the coffin of genuine science, as millions of fraudulent papers have inundated scientific journals.	1
Although many studies on altmetrics addressed the relationship of citations and altmetrics, we found only two studies focusing on the relationship of altmetrics and quality assessments by peers.	1
FCPI and DCPI are proposed to measure a paper’s influence inside and outside its research field.	1
The paper concludes by considering what an ethical impactology might look like, and finds at its heart the responsible use and non-use of metrics.	1
It provides a new, complementary, and visual perspective for future researchers to examine Hofstede's theory.	1
This section introduces a new measure aiming to capture the effect of network proximity in the context of inter-regional collaborations, in line with the gravity model framework.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=icmo20	0
First, it aligns with previous literature by generalising the requirements for research collaboration and classifying them into substance- and entity-related prerequisites, as well as socially oriented ones.	1
Because the data set available does not explicitly identify someone as being a publishing or non-publishing academic, a method had to be developed to appropriately separate this pool of academics into those that publish and those that have elected to never publish.	1
Table 1 Examples of each rank of context for new addresses	0
108) on the internet, or the ability to know how, where and with what tools to find a piece of information on a digital device.	1
a Case reports included small case series (ie fewer than 10 cases)	0
This study aims to answer these two questions, address the abovementioned gap, discover the laws of innovation preferences behind inter-gender collaboration, suggest guidance for related policymakers and stakeholders, contribute evidence to narrow the gender gap and break stereotypes, and serve as an instructive reference for scientists to conduct inter-gender collaborations.	1
The methodology used in this study regarding the data collection and data analysis process may be helpful to some researchers of LIS as well.	1
Our study aims to contribute to the existing body of knowledge by exploring the interplay between gender and geographical region in social sciences research, with a particular focus on gender studies.	1
To investigate this phenomenon in more detail, a clustering analysis was performed.	0
authors and references, length of titles and abstracts, international co-authorship, and so forth.	0
Considering several years have elapsed since the last relevant analyses were conducted (i.e., 2008), this paper provides an updated assessment for the period between 2000 and 2016.	1
This study proposes a framework for identifying innovation within a scientific field.	1
Although this sounds logical, this is the first time that such empirical evidence has been reported.	1
Finally, Section 5 concludes the findings and highlights the directions for future research.	0
Cohen is Head, Sci- ence Library, Paul Klapper Library, Queens College of the City University of New York.	0
To analyze the research trends and summarize the characteristics of publications regarding oxycodone within the past 20 years, we performed a bibliometric analysis of related references derived from the Web of Science (WOS) database and PubMed database by built-in tool of WOS and VOSviewer software.	1
Readers are invited to send us their views and comments on the paper if and when they would like to do that.	0
The present study is intended to provide a boost towards increased publications in LIS research in Africa, particularly in Nigeria.	1
Our study is of limited scope, since the motivation behind reverse flips cannot be affirmed through bibliometric research alone.	0
ns, not significant; *P < 0.05; **P < 0.001; ***P < 0.0001.	0
Therefore, the mining of download patterns, the reasons for the formation of these patterns, and the influencing factors of different types of papers will contribute to our studies on download behaviors as well as on the correlations between downloads and citations.	1
Below is the list of potential biases we identified and attempted to mitigate through a balanced committee and open discussion.	1
However, more scientific and industrial progress that has made history came from powerful collaborations.	0
The method allows to structure a huge number of articles when writing a review, to detect the key opinion leaders in a given field, and to locate their own research topic in the landscape of themes deciphered by our own community.	1
We expect that this new tool will augment the power of the new open access citations datasets to enable a broad community of scientists to utilize citations in their studies of biomedical literature.	1
Contributing to previous research, we tested the robustness of this gender gap by conducting an equality of median test and a t-test for six different indicators of research performance.	1
This gives rise to the question of whether web activity has any particular role in this regard.	1
In this paper we examine gender and racial disparities in publishing, an activity that is important for career advancement, but has not been incorporated adequately into the debate on faculty attrition.	1
As the workshop progresses, the participants use their own research and develop manuscripts.	0
Please note that the test set was untouched, i.e., left imbalanced.	0
This correction proved to be effective in normalizing the h-index values of physics journals.	1
Second, it provides a brief introduction to the NLP techniques employed in this article, encompassing both traditional and state-of-the-art methods.	0
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, National Institute of Technology Patna, Bihar, India	0
2008 ASIS&T Published online 19 June 2008 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
Two components in the market of scientific knowledge are scientific journals and their editors.	0
The proposed model enables continuous and multidimensional analysis by incorporating metadata into topic model non-linearly as well as dynamically.	1
However, the data regarding retracted articles within the field of ophthalmology is not currently well defined, as very little literature has been published on the subject.	1
Therefore, a custom indicator named Journal Rank Fluctuation (JRF) was calculated for each journal, on all indicators, within each subject category that journal belongs to.	1
We found that the SIP model of the Finnish SRC, introduced a distinct model by requesting researchers to become deeply involved in stakeholder collaborations in their daily research activities and providing clear incentives for it.	1
However, the method used in this study was able to extract terms related to influential topics without using a dictionary and using only a dataset of publications.	1
It was like walking through a museum of physics and spectroscopy.	0
it aims at measuring the benefits that clinical trial participation produces on a community of researchers in terms of research capacity development, scientific knowledge production, researchers reputation and career development.	1
Citation studies as a percentage of all LIS articles in selected journals	0
1 Editor-in-Chief, Nurse Educator and Journal of Nursing Care Quality, Thelma M.	0
Still, download metrics and Twitter activity present an interesting opportunity to organize preprints using metrics less arbitrary than chronology, as bioRxiv does.	1
Most of these analyses were not covered in Chan (2001).	1
In summary, to the best of our knowledge, hybrid approaches that combine citation-link and lexical techniques are under-explored for emerging research topics detection in the literature.	1
This study bridges a gap in emerging topic prediction by offering a topic perspective and advocates for considering topic and domain characteristics as well as economic, medical, and environmental impact when studying emerging topics in the biomedical domain.	1
Thanks to Lorraine Estelle, Sarah Fahmy, Helen Henderson, Bill Hubbard, and Stuart Lawson for comments on drafts of this article.	0
In a typical year, this institute might have 100 research projects under way, of which only about 10% are 'new'.	0
Analyzing megajournals provides a means of understanding a new and increasingly important scholarly niche for creativity and legitimate knowledge dissemination in contemporary academia.	1
We first explored the mediating effects of research collaboration, both within and across institutions, on the relationship between the tenure track and research performance.	1
This study directly enriches our knowledge of diffusion processes by developing an argument for why internal and external positioning could affect sensitivity to social influence.	1
I would like to acknowledge the support from the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 71103064.	0
Figure 2: Four topic communities of Chinese children's bestseller content (top 500 links).	0
Specifically, different from most published literatures that focus on the steady state of co-word network, our model concerns more about the dynamic features of the co-word network of CUR's KS.	1
Additionally, an e-mail reminder will be sent in advance of the training course.	0
Palabras clave: retractación, plagio, faltas en la conducta de investigación, citación	0
31Such measures may be related to experience (e.g., more experienced researchers may be more connected than researchers fresh from graduate school), and thus these measures may be capturing some the experience effects we observe.	0
Abebe Bekele and other members of the staff and faculty at the University for their support of this work.	0
However, his empirical results find that first impressions may not be that important.	0
Despite our best efforts, we have not located any studies examining language and linguistics academics' experiences with and motivations for publishing in PPJs.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Co-first authorship and co-senior authorship however are not commonly utilized in the top radiology journals.	1
Our research sheds further light on how and why metrics and rankings influence behavior and change our world, particularly in science.	1
The aim of this paper is trying to fill the above gap by examining the effect of scientific relatedness at the paper level.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
The second author would like to thank the financial support of Liikesivistysrahasto and the foundation of Kemira Oyj for funding family business research.	0
Conference articles, lecture notes, theses and books are explicitly removed from the search.	0
We do not expect completely different conclusions if other counting methods were to be used.	0
They represent the second most rapidly growing sector of the health care industry.	0
Let us bear in mind that the maps obtained were the results of wholly automated processes not requiring any human intervention.	0
In contrast with previous papers, this paper focuses on the collaboration patterns in a multidisciplinary field (Rosenblat and Mobius 2004; Leahey 2016; Kliegl and Bates 2011; Kuld and O’Hagan 2018).	1
The authors have no personal, financial, or institutional interest in any of the drugs, materials, or devices described in this article.	0
The results were then pooled to form the master list of this study.	0
Abbreviations: AU, number of authors; TP, number of publications; TP*, number of publications with author information.	0
In the paper, we also study the researcher’s career productivity cycles and present the analysis of the career productivity for all registered researchers in Slovenia.	1
the data set obtained from GS needed to be subjected to thorough clean-up	0
These observations thus show that following trends in multiple indicators offers new insights for forecasting future development in an industry.	1
Momena Khatun from the Department of Communication and Learning in Science (CLS) at Chalmers University of Technology for their assistance regarding the gender detection of authors.	0
The process we outline here, which intentionally steps away from paper writing 'business as usual,' creates new ways to engage for both the lead and co-authors.	1
The author(s) declared that there were no conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship or the publication of this article.	0
We present the findings in the fourth section and discuss them in the fifth section.	0
It provides insights into priorities and trends for guiding future BCI studies.	1
Risbey is research assistant, Department of Educational Policy and Administration, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minnesota.	0
In addition, the new hypothesis of the impact of religion similarity is also tested.	1
The findings also highlight an unintentional disconnect between university researchers and librarians; researchers and librarians both have increasing demands on their time, but the librarians, who are often the ones curating the institutional repositories, approach the issue from an instructional or governance perspective, whilst the researchers think of it as yet another demand on their time.	1
Received October 10, 2017; revised February 15, 2018; accepted April 3, 2018	0
Moreover, this study presents the CogFT, a classification model that automatically identifies research methods from full-text data.	1
Here we show how our method works out in full using illustrative networks, and we then compare the results with those obtained using the BL method.	0
Data for other countries are provided in Table 1 of the supplementary material.	0
Our findings have important implications for understanding public knowledge production and firm engagement in the science-based innovation process.	1
Accordingly, the proliferation of new organisational structures such as networks represents an important challenge for bibliometric research, being necessary to seek the most appropriate way to identify them.	1
Here, we show that the time a referee takes to write a report on a scientific manuscript depends on the final verdict.	1
In this paper, we propose the application of a recently developed methodology, based on the multicriteria double reference point method (Cabello, Ruiz, Pérez-Gladish, & Méndez-Rodríguez, 2014), to the calculation of composite indicators of university performance, given a set of individual indicators.	1
Earlier data were not shown in the figure because it is almost approaching zero for most Arab countries.	0
It is my expectation that any journal will provide guidelines for reviewers, including: timeline, prominent journal foci to consider general format for the review.	0
This study provides medical researchers with bibliometric information relating to endometrial carcinoma.	1
School of Health and Sport Sciences, University of the Sunshine Coast, 90 Sippy Downs Drive, Sippy Downs, Queensland 4556, Australia	0
The inference was that there is a bias in the review process where reviewers preferentially favor proposals from the other review	0
Unlike in methods based on percentiles (e.g., Leydesdorff et al.	1
Based on this evidence, it may be concluded that the content of hijacked journals can be a predictor of other fraudulent journals.	1
Finally, our network and simulation-based analysis can be seen as a proof of concept for conducting similar studies of other domains that are equally important for the UK's prosperity, such as international trade and financial services, and thus for inspiring policy and directing strategy towards ensuring that the UK remains a global leader in the post-Brexit era.	1
Frequency of the 12 context codes from Walsh and Ungson (1991)	0
We propose an online database with an open access Web site showing all h-index and bibliometric data for neurosurgical units in the United Kingdom and Ireland.	1
Authors, who often consider the impact of their published articles, find such information useful.	0
We analyzed all active grants for the 2018 Fiscal Year (Fig.	0
For instance, this paper compares research productivity across sub-fields (e.g., “quant” vs.	1
The current work on citation sentiment further extends the techniques of large full-text data analysis, as well as our understanding of the epistemological cultures of disciplines.	1
RMS improves the exiting approach by providing interactive services.	1
Some other common methods are Theil index, Atkinson index, Gini index or standard deviation.	0
A key finding is that policy advisors and academic experts tend to integrate divergent vocabularies of research utilization and its evaluation, resulting in uncertainty about the conceptualization and operationalization of impact.	1
with six articles and 305 times citations followed by Fedorak P.	0
The clarity of the Nature Index data presented provides a new and complementary tool for research and policy analysts, allowing us to determine which institutions are part of this growing global network, who they work with, and how their research contributes to innovation.	1
Because most of the indexes do not conform to the normal distribution, we used the Mann-Whitney test to compare whether the same index has statistically significant in different periods or different categories.	0
Downloaded from http://er.aera.net at WEST VIRGINA UNIV on May 3, 2015	0
Among the benefits of this study is the potential for the professional orthopedics community to discover a new perspective on their own discipline and its subfields.	1
First, while most of the related studies focus their analysis on the age determinants of the Nobel prize recipients (see among others Baffes & Vamvakidis, 2011; Jones, 2010; Stephan & Levin, 1993), this research tries to shed light on the key determinants of the Nobel delay in science.	1
The issue of bias in predatory publishing has not yet been discussed, and the presence of this factor in the debate on this important issue in academic publishing is relevant to all academics today.	1
3) Three classifiers are utilized to test the classification performance of the key features to verify whether these features, especially the topic feature, are valuable to identify the high influential articles in the future.	1
One of the authors (N.S.) was partially supported by the Ministry of Education, Science, Sports and Culture, Grant-in-Aid for Young Scientists (Start-up), 21800011, 2009.	0
Sandra Nunes (PhD) is an associated researcher at the Department of Chemistry, developing work in various aspects of computational chemistry.	0
Commercial biomedical databases, such as those described in the present communication, are easy to use, and their usage has become less expensive over the last twenty years.	0
29, 0260 Oslo, Norway, and the Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Montebello, 0310 Oslo, Norway.	0
We find that across all three domains, individuals tend to explore diverse styles or topics before their hot streak, but become notably more focused after the hot streak begins.	1
We designed a measure, probably inaccurate assignments (PIA), with the intention to quantify the extent of the problem of the fractional approach indicated in “Direct citations: the need for normalization, and a normalization problem".	1
The x-axis shows the number of posts made for by a reviewer for a paper.	0
The real significance of this study lies in how a university should spend its money.	1
As a result, the Faculty Opinions Database provides a large volume of expert ratings data, facilitating in-depth analyses of peer-review evaluation trends pertaining to interdisciplinary research at the article level.	1
We did not set out to obtain a sample that would be representative of the country affiliation or gender.	0
This is a revised and edited version of the paper presented at the November 2009 annual conference of the American Evaluation Association, Orlando, Florida.	0
More generally, this study provides a model for considering individual-level antecedents and outcomes associated with teamwork when degrees of discretion exist with respect to teaming.	1
Results of the second part of the study produced geographical and economical clusters of countries, interestingly, without addition of any geographical data.	1
Based on the analysis, the compared countries are placed into the analytical framework (Section 4.2).	0
Overall, the Polish experience from 2009 to 2016 shows that science policy can shape publication patterns in a targeted way but only when the instruments are well fitted, science policy expectations are explicitly stated, and instruments are used coherently throughout the evaluation system, academic promotions regulations, and grant agencies.	1
A value of P < 0.05 was accepted as statistically significant.	0
1 Increase in number of authors per published item, over time	0
Yet another example is to consider the same sequences above as coin-tossing, with the 1s and Os representing heads and tails.	0
1 On London buses, the penalty for fare evasion is only ￡5, but for smoking it can be ￡1,000.	0
Although the factors that contribute to this process have been investigated in other disciplines, there is a paucity of equivalent research in social work.	1
Note: Pearson correlation coefficients of all available data for each indicator.	0
We then refer to these data in the next section which presents the specific results.	0
Only recently, due to the progress in collecting and managing large volumes of information on publications and citations, has this 'direct' approach been possible, which has therefore allowed the calculation/aggregation of various indicators.	1
The author would like to thank Andrea Currence for her assistance with preparation of this manuscript.	0
9) argument that revolutionary research "alters the historical perspective of the community that experiences it" and "should affect the structure of post-revolutionary textbooks and research publications" (p.	1
This could be due to the different reward process used in industrial and academic milieus (Owen-Smith et al., 2001), or to the	0
This study is the first comprehensive analysis to evaluate the impact of books in a particular field, namely, Chinese studies, authored by scholars at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).	1
This is one common understanding of interdisciplinarity and transdisciplinarity (Hirsch Hadorn et al.	0
Barry Sharpless' research and estimate the knowledge flow of his click chemistry to other fields.	1
Despite the development of national ranking systems in various countries, no university ranking has ever been published for Turkish universities.	1
Through the lenses of scientific nationalism and scientific globalism, the findings further confirm that countries can pursue both scientific nationalism and scientific globalism at the same time, as global research networks organize beyond national interests.	1
Our study confirms that digitization, as measured by digital word frequency, does not affect actual production and has no effect on carbon reduction.	1
* Bold and italicized figures show above-average differences between articles about German-speaking countries and the ones about other countries or no specific country at all.	0
Another key idea is turning the comparison between X and Y into the comparison between G(X, Kx) and G(Y, Ky) to make sure the probability in Eq.	1
In this paper, we contribute to the literature on fame and scientometrics by taking advantage of recent advances in digital media, pointing our optic lens at the dynamics of scientists' literal fame.	1
This institutional variation allows us to evaluate whether there are persistent gender differences in language across different application formats and whether these text characteristics influence each institution’s ultimate funding decisions.	1
The columns indicate, from left to right, the cluster number #; the name of the cluster (Label); the absolute (P) and relative (%) number of publications; the number of citations to the HCKB cluster from the seed set (Cseed) and the all-citing set (Call); the overlap (ОJKB) between the HCKB cluster and publications in the JKB; the average year of publication in the cluster (YHCKB) and the average year of the citing seed publication (Yseed); and, finally, the most informative NPs for that cluster	0
The reason for addressing the national bias from the perspective of references rather than citations (Shehatta and Al-Rubaish 2019; Baccini et al.	1
This may sound paradoxical, since the point (or one point) of a communication system is to help us keep our cognitive situations adequate to available information, by making relevant information available to us at appropriate times.	0
In all the regressions which we executed we also checked for the absence of multi-collinearity between the explanatory variables, omitting some of them as necessary.	0
This study is helpful for journal editors to better understand the relevance of DPH papers in the international scientific scenario.	1
The association between unjust authorship and increasing number of coauthors is also interesting.	1
This dimensional reduction approach shifts the aforementioned problem to instead evaluating to what degree the set of cliques (denoted by Qm,t) within the cluster that houses a given m in a given period t are (dis)similar to those in the previous period t – 1.	1
This is an open access journal, and articles are distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 License, which allows others to remix, tweak, and build upon the work non-commercially, as long as appropriate credit is given and the new creations are licensed under the identical terms.	0
In conclusion, this article focused on the use of peer-reviewed video articles as a novel medium for communicating science.	1
Through the above analysis of 124 citing articles of correction notices, we could find that the citation situation of correction notices is more complicated than we expected.	1
Source of support: This information will be disclosed after passing the review process (contains the affiliation of the authors)	0
This work has been founded by Spain's Ministery of Science through grants BFM2003-03372 and FIS2006-12117.	0
Critical revision: Narahari, Mehaffey, Hawkins, Charles, Baderdinni, Chandrabhatla, Kocan, Jones, Upchurch Jr, Kron, Kern, Ailawadi	0
The key difference compared to existing heatmaps is that our new graphs capture comparisons for both the nationwide level (“between” in our example represented by the question of how TU Dresden “performs” in a field) and the organizational level (“within” in our example represented by the question of how a field “performs” at TU Dresden).	1
Department of Business and Quantitative Studies, University of Naples Parthenope, Naples, Italy	0
A further strength of this study is the classification used, based on identifying first the cause of retraction, followed by assigning the misconduct pattern.	1
Our data indicate that the number of computer science authors increased by a factor of 10.6 in the last thirty years.	1
This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.	0
The data is compared to a model, where the review takes place in an ongoing competition of completing an important composite task with a large number of concurrent ones - a Deadline -effect.	1
The novel contribution of this article is to interrogate, using a regression model, these two competing perspectives on journal selection by WoS.	1
Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow, Mumbai | Managed and supported by the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE), Bangalore.	0
2 y year represents the predictive year, y1=y-4, y2=y-3, y3=y-2, y4=y-1.	0
Second, the results of this study should not be used as a menu for authors to decide to which journals to target their submitted manuscripts.	0
*Bo-Christer Bj?rk is Professor of Information Systems Science at the Hanken School of Economics in Helsinki, Finlandl; email: bo-christer.bjork@hanken.fi.	0
By investigating the relations between gender, two forms of aims, and two forms of impact, we are contributing to—and connecting for the first time—two classical research agendas in quantitative science studies: studies of gender and research performance, and studies of the relation between the impact of research and its aims and types.	1
For example, Science (2000) refers to all papers published by Science in 2000.	0
To the best of our knowledge, however, the global scientific production in the field of knee arthroplasty has not been reported.	1
This study can provide an insight of gender different in economics research.	1
Here we report that our predictions failed to anticipate with any accuracy either overall REF outcomes or movements of individual institutions in the rankings relative to their positions in the previous Research Assessment Exercise (RAE 2008).	1
The key reason is that the study ability of USA in Management is the most advanced in the world.	0
1 School of Business Administration, South China University of Technology, Guangzhou, China	0
Isidro Aguillo is Head of the Internet laboratory in the Department of Bibliometrics and Document Analysis in Science and Technology, Centre of Scientific Information and Documentation, Madrid, Spain.	0
The great majority of the body of recent, relevant information on a given topic or subfield (“thematic unit”) in natural sciences is available in a special set of papers in journals dedicated to the given thematic unit.	0
At the same time that tenure and gender information were acquired during these calls, it was also reconfirmed for these 50 individuals that their dissertation, teaching, and research were in the field of strategic management.	0
The novel approach considers two citation preference: discipline bias and time bias.	1
At the same time, sellers can use the PE score as a novel contractual instrument.	1
We have shown that the Shapley division rule (a game-theoretic solution concept for the credit allocation problem that enjoys several “fairness” properties, see Section 3.2) is a fair rule to use for the allocation of publication credit to authors, and that, due to recent algorithmic advances, it is possible to compute reasonably good approximations for the Shapley value of individual authors, even for very large input instances.	1
The research can also conclude that the multiplexing of software online, through the citation of a citation, ultimately leads to an online peered review system within the community, effectively developing and maintaining through open use software itself.	1
Among the most interesting results was the high degree of vocabulary sharing between mathematics, philosophy, and linguistics.	1
No bibliometric analysis in the field of robotic surgery versus open surgery has been performed in the past.	1
Finally, the collection awakening phenomenon provides a new research perspective for the field of library and information science.	1
Help from the Journals: Creating a New “Key Finding” Format.	1
Our qualitative study with a diverse sample of researchers bridges this gap and sheds light on researchers' feelings and attitudes toward SNS not explicitly and expansively explored in prior studies.	1
Departing from the tradition that measures research inte- gration predominantly through research co-authorship or alignment of research agendas and organizational struc- tures, we make the case that epistemic integration- measured here as knowledge flows captured in citation behaviour provides an important additional perspective on our understanding of the phenomenon.	1
Second, it predicts how these attitudes will likely be different for a similar sample of people in the future, several decades away.	1
Also, in the publications of 2 of our scholars, the individual was both author and acknowledged, in the case of large collaborations, where a student or grant team member was the lead author.	0
Thus we can use either the raw a values or the proportional values, given the restriction to t or t', when evaluating μ-values.	0
To date, there has been little empirical research to examine trends in the diffusion of research methods across science broadly.	1
All new approaches have been illustrated by drawing raw data from Google scholar-powered website H-POP.	1
In this research, we seek to validate these findings, and extend on previous work to analyze journal growth patterns from 1986 to 2013.	1
As discussed, faculty in different disciplines are different in epistemology, collaboration in their academic research, types of research outputs, etc.	0
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
This paper presents an original contribution by addressing the changing composition and trends of regional health research networks in Brazil over time.	1
In this study, topic modeling using HLTA provided significant information to strengthen the visualization of keyword densities and the network.	1
And we utilized an expectation-maximization algorithm instead of the Markov chain Monte Carlo method used in Butts' model, avoiding the risk of periodic Markov chain in convergence diagnostic.	1
When we updated the initial values and weights of the MELIBEA formula to reflect the empirical association we had found, the score’s predictive power for mandate effectiveness doubled (0.36).	1
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
Regardless, we consider this study a promising step in uncovering the intricate links that underlie academic publishing, both in economics and more broadly.	1
Our results call for attention to the barriers faced by low-income countries in building their scientific capacity, and the potential consequences on future scientific capacity and economic growth.	1
Network analysis and visualization research techniques rather than the traditional linear model were proposed and applied as alternative methodological approaches, which may become future prospects for DOI studies.	1
On that front, the issue of UKRI's open access mandate is a distraction from the neoliberalisation of academia and the entrenchment, rather than augmentation, of already existing inequalities.	1
It moves beyond a micro-level explanation by (the lack of) individual morality as well as a structural explanatory framework preoccupied with publishing infrastructure and culturalist approach based on ready-made dichotomies of West/North vs South/East.	1
This problem also highlights the value of reframing studies from the perspective of particular individual users as case studies.	1
1: (Color online) Relative cumulative distributions of ages of downloaded papers.	0
Section 2 describes the data sources and the methods employed for this study.	0
List of frequently used words in title related to the disease in embryo of chicken inside samples of this study.	0
We design an analytical framework for HVBSCH in the Weibo information ecosystem based on the information ecology theory and structural hole theory.	1
Figure 1 demonstrates the funding details of article #3 in Scopus.	0
We intended, with this paper, to introduce a quantitative tool that is convenient and easy to apply.	1
Based on the above result of correction notices’ citation situations in LIS journals, it has become a noteworthy problem that to some extent the existence of correction notices has interfered with the citation frequency of corrected papers.	1
The subsections of the lowest and the highest ID values are shown in table 2.	0
We also make a more general remark on the comparison of citation analysis and peer review.	0
In order to provide some structure to the discussion we constructed a classification or taxonomy of the peer-review variations, related to aspects of the peer-review process and its management (Table 1).	1
This analysis will allow us to see whether Vietnamese research in this field is distinctive with regard to some characteristics, such as document type, growth rate, and disciplines.	1
This study provides scholars a general picture of the research carried out on gifted education to date, as well as an overview of the status and development of the field since its inception, and the structure of this scientific community.	1
The study demonstrates that the previously expressed limitations increase in the context of the Spanish academic web system:	1
The [review] process took much longer than I was told it would.	0
Building on earlier evidence, and based on a very highly thematically specific group of journals, namely of sport sciences, the most striking conclusion is that there is the possibility that 47 (i.e., 37.9 %) of the 124 most highly ranked journals – at least according to SJR – are being misclassified as SPJs, when they are likely NJs, i.e., the AJPC System is not, based on this evidence, and in our opinion, a reliable tool to assist sport scientists in differentiating scholarly from unscholarly journals.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
* One record were found that the field “source” was empty.	0
In this article, we explore the complex linguistic patterns used to express implicit emo-tions in citation context, which include word patterns and structure patterns together, and extract the feature combination patterns in these linguistic patterns.	1
In this case, the proposed reputation makes use of two original indexes: the relevance index and the novelty index.	1
Editors use these criteria to rate each review from 1 to 5 with the following definitions:	0
In addition, the academic culture might provide more insight on the non-significant effects of domestic collaboration.	0
Here, we derive a mechanistic model for the citation dynamics of individual papers, allowing us to collapse the citation histories of papers from different journals and disciplines into a single curve, indicating that all papers tend to follow the same universal temporal pattern.	1
Investigating research methods from a data-driven perspective can provide deeper insights into how they evolve in response to changes in data resources and technology, offering valuable guidance for future research.	1
The specific calculation process of these factors is shown as follows.	0
Accordingly, the new RI score—on average, and for many RG member—is no more than a redundant indicator insofar as it only duplicates the information on research impact already conveyed by citations.	1
NIFU – Nordic Institute for Studies in Innovation, Research and Education, Wergelandsveien 7, NO-0167 Oslo, Norway	0
Our study seeks to add depth to the academic debate over the evolution of project-based research funding by examining how grant writing became the professionalized and standardized discursive practice it is today.	1
Today it is necessary to combine different techniques, and especially to seek applications of the representations generated that go beyond what is obvious analytically	1
Our study encompasses the bulk of the peer-reviewed literature that comprises the specialty of EM, given that all but 9 of 145 programs are represented in the data set.	1
There is in the second instance a number of central journals, and most notably The Lancet, that transcend the narrow specialization characteristic of scientific fields and that serve as major sounding boards for authors seeking a wide audience.	1
For smaller subspecialties, or those with niche areas, such as craniofacial surgery, specialty-specific benchmarks may not be as applicable, as the subspecialists may represent a different subset of the overall population.	1
Received April 12, 2007; revised February 8, 2008; accepted February 9, 2008	0
The current paper supports the concept that misconduct is the main reason for publications retraction.	1
2 shows, after 1970, there is significant variability in the number of citations from year to year, ranging from 1 citation to 32 citations a year.	0
When needed, discussion with a third reviewer (MVG) was used to reach a consensus.	0
However, to date no systematic study has been conducted that explicitly examines the dynamics of TFSC's SIs (1979-2019) and provides a comparison with RIs (1969-2019).	1
The cosine distance between the two Article titles 1 and 2 is as follows:	0
This is the first study to examine the h-index specifically for pediatric dermatologists.	1
We encouraged our interview partners to respond freely by using open questions.	0
Present study confirms the weak correlation levels observed between TLH and other indicators in previous studies and contributes additional evidence that print holdings can moderately reflect research, educational and online impact of books consistently more efficient than eholdings and total holdings across fields and over time, except for Mendeley for which eholdings slightly prevailed.	1
This is because in the map, it overlapped almost completely with the Library category but was significantly far from the LIS category, which would otherwise be considered its natural abode based on the content.	0
We have tested for interaction terms between age and rank, age and gender, gender and rank.	0
This paper establishes a dynamic multiplex network that considers not only citation between standards but also co-authorship between drafting institutions.	1
the time of appointment or the time of allocating resources) is not necessarily related to the scientific achievements after this date.	1
Each edge represents an instance of co-authorship between the two individuals and the size of the node represents the number of publications by that author.	0
4 For more detailed information on the conduct and results of this study see APA (1966).	0
We conclude up the study by going over its potential real-time applications, drawbacks, and future work in Section VI.	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
1 Behavioral Science Department, Zefat Academic College, 11 Jerusalem St., Zefat, Israel	0
Inspired by these, we generalise Liu–Lu integrated approach, the present state-of-art in path analysis to an integrated approach for weighted networks.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The authors believe that the data set developed for this study is useful for making better-informed collections decisions for the consortium's ejournal packages.	1
However, the results presented in this case study paint a complex and, to some degree, messy picture of the various content, contextual and process-related factors which have come to influence researchers' perspectives on research impact at one point in time (see Figure 2).	1
In this study, a new research performance evaluation method is proposed for evaluating the research performance of universities by utilizing MCDM methods.	1
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
In spite of the growing literature about excellence funding in science, we know relatively little about its implications for academic research practices.	1
In this article, we present a new open-source1 scientometric tool called ScientoPy.	1
This paper addresses the issue of how to construct suitable aggregates of individual journal rankings, using an optimization-based consensus ranking approach.	1
We hope our results will provide accurate benchmarks for faculty and administrators who want to compare and evaluate research productivity in the finance area.	0
Assessments of subtler but potentially important topics such as variations in literature retrieval using different subscriptions or search options within the same database and conservation biologists' awareness of the limitations of different databases are yet to be made, although there are examples from other disciplines such as informetrics (Jacsó, 2006), neurology (García-Pérez, 2011), the sciences in general (Franceschini et al., 2015a) and manufacturing (Franceschini et al., 2015b).	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office:	0
Reprints: Muhammad Waseem, MD, MS, Lincoln Medical & Mental Health Center, 234 E 149th St, Bronx, New York, NY 10451 (e-mail: waseemm2001@hotmail.com).	0
It also demonstrates that the efficacy or fitness for purpose of a given instrument may be reduced or increased by bundling modalities in particular ways.	1
This study questions a relationship that has not been explored or tested heretofore regarding how forward citations might be linked with firms' financial performance.	1
2014; Erfanmanesh and Moghiseh 2019; Liu et al.	1
The numbers are the means (±SEM) of annual growth-rates (in percents of the previous year) in the given time period	0
This study collectively represents a critical step towards more comprehensively examining the landscape of chemicals in our environment and their relation to neurodevelopmental outcomes with particular relevance to exposures experienced in early life.	1
**Correlation is significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed); *Correlation is significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed)	0
Rank transformation was performed by taking the complete set of n data points from a given RPYS analysis and sorting them by magnitude.	0
Journal responses are listed according to journal name in alphabetical order	0
Acknowledgements The authors thank all the survey participants for their time and efforts.	0
No scientometric analysis of the research on curare or its derivates exists.	1
These are all valid questions, but are not addressed in this paper because the focus is to determine productivity in accordance with the measures in the South African research funding framework.	0
We conclude the paper by summarizing our key insights, discussing their potential generalizability and highlighting future research directions in Section 5.	0
The main contributions of this paper are fourfold:	1
XXI, 2013, Scientific Journal of Media Education; ISSN: 1134-3478; pages 71-81	0
We show that the seemingly contradictory findings between these fields are a result of using different metrics.	1
Therefore, in what follows, we only discuss the data obtained from our own search.	0
A conclusion and outlook on future research questions is provided in “Conclusion”.	0
scientists' institutions, countries and collaborators) as valuable prior information, and jointly evaluate the research ability of scientists from different institutions.	1
The results of activity index are given in Table 4 and represented graphically in Fig.	0
We propose a novel perspective to transform the evolution process of a single knowledge unit or concept into the formation of its ego-centered network based on combination innovation theory.	1
We argue that to achieve the feminist epistemological framework that many academic publications espouse, there must be a shift to ensure that publications are accessible and equitable not only for academics from around the world, but for community partners and activists working in these academic spaces as well.	1
The remainder of this article is organised as follows: Section 2 introduces the research work.	0
Although specialty-specific studies looking at academic performance have been conducted in Canada, to our knowledge, no study has conducted a national comparison of different surgical specialties with regards to average academic productivity metrics.	1
To cite this article: Prakash K Paudel, Basant Giri & Shanta Dhakal (2020): Is research in peril in Nepal?	0
For this purpose, we define a new area, the tail complement penalty area, denoted as TC-area with size CTC.	1
A total of 36% of these researchers are or were members of the Brazilian Society of Protozoology in the period between 2000-2015.	0
This study mainly makes the following contributions: (1) This study takes the characteristics of academic, legal and regional nature of patents into account and constructs a dynamic parameter-free quantitative identification model of SBPF by using indicators of extended patent family such as the citation, transfer and license, which makes up for the incomplete measurement problem caused by the lack of patent locality in the identification of Sleeping Beauty through knowledge diffusion and realizes the accurate identification of advanced and transformative technologies in patent family.	1
6 are much larger than any of the differences in the “as is” distributions of PLOS journals from Bertin et al.	1
The proposed methodology of the study is presented in Section 3.	0
Behind you trail a half dozen students, each anxious about some missed lecture or test grade.	0
We also consider the synergies between ideas that are a major factor in stimulating research progress by documenting the extensive networks of citation relations between the publications that can be linked back to Ball and Brown (1968).	1
I acknowledge the contribution, support, help and guidance provided by all my advisory committee members.	0
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Editor: Ranjdar Mahmood Talabani, University of Sulaimani College of Dentistry, IRAQ	0
Data Availability Statement: No datasets were generated or analysed during the current study.	0
This paper aims the analyze the possibility of measuring the performance of journals by data envelopment analysis (DEA) models and propose a new DEA based citation performance metrics for ranking of a set of journals.	1
The analysis of the citation record of ES during his entire career in terms of h-index and of hpd is presented in Fig.	0
The requested tweet ID is not found (if it existed, it was probably deleted).	0
Here we ask a slightly different but relatively unexplored question: how is a scientist's change of research agenda associated with her change of scientific performance.	1
11A colored version of this map can be retrieved at http://www.	0
Given these limitations of previous methods for constructing a citation network, the method developed here involves a novel, iterative construction.	1
In general, although these studies have found that the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research was affected by the citation time window, no studies have systematically explored the extent to which the citation time window affects the scientific impact of interdisciplinarity.	1
Our contributions are as follows: (1) We studied the problem of citation analysis from the perspective of domain knowledge modeling.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Besides shedding light on the actual practices, the correspondence between Physical Review's editors and Robertson allows a series of elements concerning the perception of the refereeing activities according to the participants' categories at that time to be brought out.	1
This result seems to contradict the conclusions of several previous authors, whose studies found a positive correlation between quantity of research output and its impact (Cole & Cole, 1967; Moed & Hesselink, 1996; Costas, Bordons, van Leeuwen & van Raan, 2009).	1
The following subsections show the result of testing our five hypotheses.	0
The inquiry provides one more testament against the universalism theory (cf.	1
No university or other institutional review board has been involved in this research.	0
The approach is based on five indicators that measure different aspects of research performance.	1
Requests for reprints should be addressed to Craig Gjerde, PhD, Department of Family Practice, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA 52242.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The EC document also stipulates that the “embargo period" of "green open" model and the archived version at various moments in time, may depend on the agreement between publishers and authors.	0
These findings highlight a more nuanced gender-based phenomenon, extending beyond the commonly observed lower proportion of female scholars or higher female dropout rates.	1
I would like to thank the anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments and suggestions, which significantly contributed to the quality of the article.	0
Finally, this paper is part of a nascent literature using administrative data to describe the careers of patent inventors (Toivanen and V??n?nen 2012; Bell et al. 2016; Dorner et al. 2014; Depalo and Di Addario 2014; Aghion and Howitt 1992).	1
Though this work do not introduce new metrics or assessment concepts, it investigates the potential of an existing metric and tests its applicability to a higher purpose—prediction of paradigm shifts.	1
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
To this end, we propose eleven recommendations for action by authors, editors, publishers, and the broader scientific community.	1
Received 1 June 2007; received in revised form 9 July 2009; accepted 3 December 2009	0
The present study suggests new research questions with policy implications such as: (i) Does international collaboration have greater or lower Matthew Effect than domestic collaboration?	1
This article argues that digital technologies have the capacity to bring new audiences to humanities scholarship and new publishing outlets for the researchers themselves, but that cultural, disciplinary, economic, and institutional contexts present impediments to the fuller acceptance of OA and the realization of its potential to transform academic publishing.	1
Consequently, the gender divides in science and in the digital realm may interact, producing complex and invisible disparities against women.	1
Thus, it is important to conduct a future study that tracks the development of quantitative research in Arabic LIS studies by covering several periods.	0
The schematic diagram for searching PKU and NTU articles is shown in Figure 1.	0
Elective opportunities also are available to medical students, including summer research rotations after the first year and one- to three-month independent studies during the third and fourth years.	0
This study makes a contribution to the literature by comparing the attributes and features of a good scholarly journal reported by Vietnamese ECRs and MCRs.	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International license.	0
Downloaded by FREIE UNIVERSITAT BERLIN At 09:26 21 December 2016 (PT)	0
Thanks to Vadim Panov, Marnie Campbell, Frances Lucy and James T.	0
We claim that this approach can add interesting nuances and contribute further to our understanding of what determines Chinese universities’ presence in global rankings in the past, present, and future.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
We propose to modify RS diversity into a new indicator (DIV) which operationalizes “variety,” “balance,” and “disparity” independently and then combines them ex post.	1
Our original list indicates that during the period Nigeria and Egypt appeared with only one publication each.	0
News proposal to create a scholarly impact ranking spurred research testing assumptions about the relative impact of HeinOnline's content limits, the accuracy of its data, and the extent of its ability to match cited and citing publications, providing valuable insights into the strengths and limitations of this platform.	1
Bibliometric and altmetric analyses prove and complement each other to fully explain academic and social influence.	1
All statistical tests used an alpha of 0.05 and were two-tailed.	0
Of course, scientists do not seek to simply learn about research by other scholars; in some cases, they seek to adopt and utilize those developments in their own work.	0
We propose several changes to improve how environment is evaluated.	1
This study adds to the limited literature on trends in resident research and the association with duty hour restrictions.	1
His research interests include coordination theory, distributed decision making, group decision support systems, and global information systems.	0
Each one includes the affiliations of authors, title, year, keywords, and enhanced keywords (WoS standardized keywords).	0
Most research evaluations in the past adopted simple counting method to calculate the number of collaborative countries within a paper, however, the information related to the author is either neglected or excluded.	1
Received 3 July 2023; Received in revised form 9 December 2023; Accepted 27 January 2024	0
3 ON and AD are Journal of the Serbian Chemical Society Sub-Editor and Journal of the Serbian Chemical Society Manager, respectively.	0
To that end, this paper proposed a new method for measuring a paper's originality.	1
The authors note that the paper represents their own views and not necessarily those of the Czech National Bank.	0
, yKy } from the other set at a time and compare the averages ∑Kx j=1 xj Kx and ∑Ky j=1 yj Ky reduces the overlap and thus improves the reliability, we propose a definition of the minimum representative size κ of each set for comparing sets by requiring roughly speaking √σ2x Kx + σ2y Ky ?	1
it is argued that the deviation of a particular researcher's h value from the Egghe–Rousseau model's prediction can be used as a supplementary measure of impact.	1
Some of this information (patent number, the title, the assignee and the date granted) is available in Table 8 in “Appendix 3” section.	0
2 Bubble chart of funding ratios of all articles, top 1 % articles and top 10 % articles in social science (the size of bubble denotes the number of funded article in social science)	0
We introduce the Significance of Interception Ratio of two retrieved document sets (SIR?j) measure to achieve this objective.	1
This study is intended to introduce the approach of citation normalising in economics, which corresponds to the current state of the art in bibliometrics.	1
Rank Order of Sample Journals Based on Mean Citation Rate, 1981-1986	0
Office for Research, School of Medicine, University of Split, ?oltanska 2, 21000 Split, Croatia	0
The lack of country-related differences indicates that notions of research quality are more connected to general field differences than to national context (Lamont 2009; Musselin 2010).	1
It examines their characteristics, their place in the global system of knowledge and offers strategies for their improvement.	1
The distribution of such quantity is continuous and has power-law behavior, suggesting a common mechanism behind delayed but intense recognition at all scales.	1
(Papers in Science are free with registration after 12 months, and authors can post copies sooner.)	0
However, these curves cannot forecast if a significant discovery could change development behavior and, consequently, the cumulative number of publication or patent documents in the future.	0
Using the quantities NFA, NFO, RelMutNFA, RelMutNFO, NFANFOratio, NFAcitsratio, and NFOcitsratio we try to measure the diffusion of the knowledge presented in a particular publication among researchers and research institutes.	1
The aggregation of data therefore means that values corresponding to the age of 50 would include funding or publications occurring in 2000 for researchers born in 1950, as well as those occurring in 2001 for researchers born in 1951, and so on.	0
The work presented in this paper was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China by grant no.	0
Table 1 Publication coverage for academic record across six data sources	0
We characterize those scholar rankings that admit a measure representation.	1
Number of crystallographic papers given in CAS Section 75 with modifications noted in text (closed circles), and total number of papers in all fields abstracted by CAS (open circles) from all journals examined, by journal publication year.	0
This material is based upon work supported by the US Department of Energy, Office of Science, under contract DE-AC05-00OR22725.	0
Many thanks to all the ecologists that took the time to participate in the survey.	0
To the best of our knowledge this study to employ such methodology in examining Hennart's influence looking at citations, co-citations and the research themes, in a large sample of journals.	1
Additionally, although numerous studies have examined evolving trends in OA journal production and publishing, detailed investigation of the prevalence of OA journals and articles has not been conducted.	1
The present study explores its novel contribution to the comprehensive examination of transmission of intellectual human resources and academic ideas across real and virtual worlds	0
The current study used an online engagement platform to introduce a diverse sample of publicly-funded researchers to altmetrics and to capture their thoughts on the value of altmetrics.	1
* Corresponding author at: School of Software, Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology, Nanjing, 210044, China.	0
More importantly, our examination of the Gulf wetlands network demonstrates that changes in the collaboration network occur after exogenous shocks.	1
Hence, we consider it significant to develop a more comprehensive and universal algorithm that appropriately characterizes the scientific credit of each author of a co-authored paper, wherein the credit to authors of papers during their early careers, as well as that in their late careers, can be appropriately allocated using our algorithm.	1
Downloaded from informs.org by [131.94.16.10] on 08 October 2015, at 00:13.	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
Social network analysis opens the door to new perspectives for the study and characterization of scientific collaboration, highlighting the network's global features and identifying the skeleton of the network-the most active research components-by analyzing the interactions and the role played by the main authors within them.	1
The hooked power law is a generalised version of the power law model (Pennock et al.	0
Including 5 years of data allowed a overview of publication trends, something lacking in previous studies of this kind.	1
They do not indicate any significant gender bias in publication success or citations.	1
When compared to non-citizen science research in general, there is a ten-fold higher probability of the earth science papers reaching the Top-1000 threshold of most-cited papers in natural science research.	1
The authors, under the lead of Andrew Dudash, have no conflicts of interest in this research, writing or the submission of this paper to Health Information and Libraries.	0
Ritual and ceremony in their due times kept the world under the sky and the stars in their courses.	0
A list of all subfields mentioned in this paper is available in the Supplementary Information.	0
This procedure is conservative, as overlapping items diminish contrasts between countries.	0
Details of the studies referred to in Table 1 are as follows:	0
The authors would like to thank Barry Bozeman, Andy Whitford, Monica Gaughan, and Vicky Wilkins for their assistance and guidance on this article.	0
Steele is program leader, Latin American Programs, Technical Assistance Division, Office of International Cooperation and Development, U.S.	0
The use of modern tools for data visualization and data sharing helps the user to see a better picture of what it is looking at.	1
Using social network analysis, and approaches novel to scientometrics such as grounded theory building, we map and analyse the relationships between authors of different disciplinary backgrounds, visualize these changing networks over time, and evaluate the nature of collaboration with a particular emphasis given to the integration of the social sciences.	1
Only few studies have so far tracked the evolution of OA journals regarding their inclusion in JCR and their impact (McVeigh 2004; Testa and McVeigh 2004; Sotudeh and Horri 2007; Giglia 2010).	1
We thank the staff in the library and publishing teams at the Royal Society for their generous assistance and some PEERE members for comments and suggestions on a preliminary version of this paper.	0
4 0958-2029/08/010004-13 US$08.00 Beech Tree Publishing 2008 Research Evaluation March 2008	0
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
Fig 1 Overview of the methodology used to identify first authors' e-mail addresses.	0
Moreover, this study makes a third contribution by exploring the implications of the findings not just to Russia and China but also to other countries; offering considerable insights into the successes and failures of innovation management through policy configuration which is of considerable interest to many nation states.	1
Copyright of Communications of the ACM is the property of Association for Computing Machinery and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
The sphere size and color scheme are as in Figure 6.	0
I am very grateful to Jon Lorsch, Mike Lauer, and their many colleagues at NIGMS and the Office of Extramural Research whose data and analysis form much of the foundation of this piece.	0
Figures 2 and 3 show SUM_b vs.-b for NST items (Fig.	0
This article was supported in part by the Russian Foundation for Basic Research, project nos.	0
The journals in the figure are listed by impact factor from low to high.	0
The results for the alternative measures are shown in Figure 6.	0
Let X and Y be two dependent Pareto distributed random variables and consider the bivariate distribution of the two variables	0
However, when looking at future citations as a proxy for the quality of the research, female-authored papers received 25% more citations than similarly evaluated male-authored papers, suggesting that women needed to produce higher quality work than men in order for referees to recommend publication.	1
Despite citation counts from Google Scholar (GS), Web of Science (WoS), and Scopus being widely consulted by researchers and sometimes used in research evaluations, there is no recent or systematic evidence about the differences between them.	1
This is also confirmed by the distribution of the number of visited universities; on the other side, if we focus on the number of visited countries, we can observe that an important portion of paths just remain in a single state (see the Figure 2 in the SI).	0
The survey issued to Non-Tenure-Track Faculty and Researchers replaced references to promotion and tenure dossiers with references to annual performance reviews.	0
Alstrup, Factors affecting global flow of scientific knowledge in environmental sciences, Science of the Total Environment (2019), doi: https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.scitotenv.2019.135012	0
(1) Data are presented as number and percentage for each period, therefore percentages will not total to 100% in each row.	0
This study also offers qualitatively derived understandings of the experiential process of accounting researcher collaboration, not hitherto available via prior quantitatively focussed studies.	1
Thus, using student master theses as data source in a bibliometric analysis might illuminate components of the field that previously might have gone unnoticed.	1
Switzerland has a citation index of 180 but has been omitted from the figure for visibility reasons.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s00296-019-04459-6) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
2013) with male first authors have more citations when the citation rate includes self-citation (Sugimoto et al.	1
Numbers in parentheses are the numbers of papers published by the top 75 teachers.	0
Second, it studies a group of candidates not considered so far who are particularly difficult to evaluate due to a lack of information: graduate students.	1
Short sections of text, not to exceed two paragraphs, may be quoted without explicit permission provided that full credit, including ?	0
Thus at once linking and separating ‘REF2014 impact' from the 'wider understandings of impact' explored here.	1
Learned Publishing published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of ALPSP.	0
This adds new support to concerns previously raised about the domination of biomedical funding by senior academics (Levitt & Levitt, 2017), for example.	1
Using this classification, we define the knowledge diffusion proxy algorithm to explore how scientific knowledge flows from producers to consumers.	1
Author contributions: All authors have accepted responsibility for the entire content of this manuscript and approved its submission.	0
The authors report no conflict of interest concerning the materials or methods used in this study or the findings specified in this paper.	0
This paper provides an analysis of the scientific and technical literature on Radar Altimetry.	1
The next section provides a background review, highlighting literature on the concept of path dependence and discussing what available bibliometric and other research says about the Russian science system and the development of nanotechnology.	0
Our research relies on the use of a new and free online AI-driven tool, the AJPC System, which claims the ability to distinguish “normal” (scholarly) from “suspected predatory” (unscholarly) journals.	1
This study contributes to the emerging research on publishing behaviour in several ways.	1
Different from many other crowd-translation applications, our system has a built-in, triple quality-control method, allowing for credential authentication, anonymous peer-review, and expert judgment.	1
The results from the publications bibliometric analyses are presented first, followed by the citations bibliometrics analysis.	0
This paper empirically investigates the relationship between individual scholars' research funding and paper citations and the moderating effect of early firm engagement.	1
The study plan was submitted to the UCSF Institutional Review Board (Human Research Protection Program) and was determined not to be human subjects research.	0
For example, DaimlerChrysler headquarters are in Stuttgart, Germany, but their URL is www.daimlerchrysler.com.	0
A lottery style of resource distribution would be the easier to implement.	1
Universities play an important role in the development of a country in this age of the knowledge economy.	0
Compared to the signal amplification approach, the noise filtration approach, which was introduced by Zhao and Strotmann (2015a; 2016), attempts to make the fundamental qualitative distinction between references that represent real use by, core impact on, or organic connection with, the citing paper (which it aims to retain for analysis) and those that are merely mentioned in passing as related work or background information (which it aims to remove).	1
This evidently neglects the movement of faculty through some of other intermediate departments/institutions between i and j and is a potential source of error.	0
Correspondence should be addressed to Darja Dobermann, Division of Nutritional Sciences, University of Nottingham, North Laboratory Building, Room 49B, Sutton Bonington LE12 5RD, UK.	0
By answering these questions, this paper makes distinctive contributions to studies of impact assessment, as it illustrates key aspects of citation sentiment—a key concept in scholarly communication, yet insufficiently studied due to previous technical challenges—and its relationship with journal citation impact.	1
Conflict of interest: Both authors are members of the ASTRO Research Evaluation Committee.	0
This was the first study in dental research in which these different indices have been considered.	1
To our knowledge, none of the existing studies has used the set of all 2,541 papers published in Scientometrics from 1978 to 2010, and nobody has yet attempted a multi-level study that aims to improve our understanding of the structure and evolution of collaboration networks at the country (macro), institution (meso), and author (micro) levels.	1
The significances of our research can be summarized as follows: First, this study would fill in the gap, that no such analysis has been performed for the Journal EJMSTE.	1
An important contribution of our article is to open up a new direction for the study of how social cues affect the informational efficiency of meritocratic systems.	1
As shown, the lower left-hand cluster (shown as plus signs) is bounded by fact-breadth=1-5, and fact-depth=1-3.	0
Finally, the empirical results are discussed, followed by the conclusions and policy implications of the findings.	0
However, the findings and implications of the study should be handled with caution because this study is, by nature, an early-stage exploration that relies on the bibliometric analyses on SCIE journal articles only.	0
The original wording of Oberski (1988) concerning the motives is somewhat different from that given here; values for similar motives are averaged.	0
Despite the above named limitations, this study has been able to illuminate on the characteristics of Lassa fever research output from 1970 to 2017.	1
The use of relative indicators and the construction of a Mexican multidimensional thematic profile based on Dimensions allowed to obtain a new perspective of the research areas in which Mexican authors have produced.	1
As a result, many studies have attempted to understand how scholars use Mendeley and why (Mohammadi et al.	0
2015 ASIS&T Published online 5 May 2015 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Second, unlike in the existing research, we found that open individual R&D funding has a positive impact on the journal impact factors of the published articles.	1
This research has been supported by Grant GN-299 (continued as GN-527) from the National Science Foundation.	0
Ethical approval This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
However, few researchers have addressed the causality between them.	1
Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2017.10.005.	0
The work was partially supported by Russian Foundation for Basic Research (grant 03-06-80434).	0
a Values are estimated exponent + 1 to compensate for decrease in linear regression on complementary cumulative distribution functions (CCDFs).	0
The accuracy of any instructions, formulae, and drug doses should be independently verified with primary sources.	0
1 Faculty of Technical Sciences, University of Novi Sad, Novi Sad, Serbia	0
1 separately for each broad scientific area to provide a more detailed insight.	0
Our study aims to complement Victor et al.’s (2016) work by conducting an in-depth social network analysis of their data and providing a theoretical underpinning of the scholarly collaborations in social work.	1
Overall, this work demonstrated a novel approach to examining the ATSN.	1
Department of Library and Information Science, Annamalai University, Annamalai Nagar – 608 002 Tamilnadu (India)	0
An adaptive similarity fitting method is proposed to construct the fitting models of scientific research input and output in different research fields.	1
The analysis of the privately owned companies is parallel to that of the IT companies.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
We were also limited to articles presenting complete tabular data (as opposed to graphical data only).	0
Yet the evidence is mixed, as an analysis by Medoff (2006) does not find that self-citations have a significant quantitative effect on the total number of citations an article receives.	0
Women's scientific contribution to Nano Science & Technology (Nano S&T) being unstudied so far, it is unclear how female Nano-specialists achieve in their scientific competition.	1
We presented a new methodology to analyze the publication behavior of researchers.	1
The finding is of general significance for researchers as best-worst approaches are increasingly used, and the assumption that scale is constant across both types of choices is one that warrants testing.	1
Downloaded from http://pmj.bmj.com/ on June 8, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
Although directed against an immune inhibitor, the drug unexpectedly failed to increase the magnitude of immune T cell responses.	1
The 100 top cited articles appearing in radiologic journals per 5-year interval.	0
This verification method which has been little used heretofore enabled identifying corresponding real research results to be evidence of validity.	1
However, research focusing on the relationship between byline order and contribution statements is scarce.	1
2017 ASIS&T Published online 0 Month 2017 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
In addition, we acknowledge Johnny Carson for his manuscript review and dedication to the Evening of Scholarship over the past 20 years.	0
Department of Health Management and Policy, Faculty of Health Sciences, American University of Beirut, Beirut, Lebanon	0
The present evaluation will shed light on the key areas and how far we have progressed regarding groundwater toward meeting SDG Goal 6.	1
author and institution standing and motivate publication strategies and incentives that exacerbate research misconduct.	0
This research is among the first to survey a geographically diverse group of biomedical researchers about their motivations and experiences of submitting to, and publishing in, presumed predatory journals.	1
We investigated the distribution of research subjects in a bibliographic database to develop a framework of diversity of science analogous to that of biodiversity.	1
The results give clear evidence that early Mendeley readers are useful indictors of later citation impact in most, and perhaps all, fields and are better than early citations in this regard.	1
In this section, we describe how we operationalised the variable ideology-based psychological contract breach.	0
This paper complements previous studies on retractions in the natural sciences by focusing on management, business and economics, and by providing data on evolving practices and ideas at these journals regarding misconduct and marginality in received submissions.	1
Our updating of a subset of the MELIBEA values and weights shows that in combination, three (at least) of the MELIBEA parameters can already predict deposit rate—and hence reflect mandate effectiveness—more closely than the original MELIBEA overall score, which was designed to reflect mandate strength.	1
However, in this letter we develop a unique way to identify illegal DOIs in Scopus automatically by using the following three search queries.	1
In choosing the period, I took into account both the database (information on authors' keywords in publications from 1991 onwards is available in WoS) and the fact that a long period is better for identifying patterns.	0
To better understand the current state of research in the field of OM performed by OM practitioners globally, a questionnaire survey was conducted to explore factors influencing research interest and productivity and the perceived barriers to conducting research in this field.	1
We found that the value of the DI in the NPs group is lower than in the BPs group (when restricting the sample to papers published after 1980), and the results derived from the DI were affected by the discipline, citation time window since publication, as well as publication year.	1
Such ‘visual distant reading’ of the domain as a whole may be considered as a new method for analyzing national Webs, which extends beyond the dependence on textual search as a gateway to retrieving and analyzing images.	1
in Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 112(24):7426–7431, 2015) to determine awakening times that do not vary over time, thereby making Ke et al.'s method immune to interference due to citation fluctuations.	1
The conclusion is made about the change in the migration pattern – the transition from brain drain to brain sharing.	1
Furthermore, it must also be clarified which types of publications should be taken into account, whether there should be	0
2011 ASIS&T Published online 8 September 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The following theoretical part outlines how knowledge transfer, international mobility and research collaboration are related to each other.	0
True positives (TP) = Count(f(x) = 1 and y = 1)	0
Bj?rk is Professor of Information Systems Science, Department of Management and Organisation, HANKEN School of Economics, Helsinki, Finland; e-mail: Bo-Christer.Bjork@hanken.fi.	0
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interest to declare.	0
Numbers in parentheses indicate the number of papers in each subgroup.	0
Michele Silveira Coelho and Fabiana Gon?alves Barbosa contributed equally to this work.	0
Data Availability Statement: The data are accessible from the corresponding authors upon request.	0
Dealing with the 100 top-LCS articles, our study proposes some significant points on the worldwide research trends of DM.	1
This is the first study that analyzes the factors predictive of academic rank amongst those that identify HPB surgeons and are training future HPB surgeons.	1
Whelan, Editor-in-Chief of the FASEB Journal, but assumes responsibility for the final analysis and any errors.	0
Received 18 September 2020; Revised 14 January 2021; Accepted 5 February 2021; Published 3 March 2021	0
Here, we extend the study to a combination of citation curve patterns of ERTs and their knowledge base.	1
The following subsections present the findings as well as our discussion.	0
MAJOR FINDINGS OF EXISTING RESEARCH ON THE PRODUCTIVITY OF POLITICAL SCIENTISTS	0
3 A tool to utilize the surrounding words to understand the underlying meaning of the identified keyword.	0
It reveals the complex situation that a world-class university is in as regards to information resources and the digitization and economic issues that follow.	1
This study provides the overall landscape of science mapping in recent two decades in the field of preeclampsia, with the aim of identifying evolution of research topics and promoting potential concentration or collaboration in the future.	1
We believe that our approach can highlight effective funding schemes and may help evolutionary biologists to identify their own ‘optimal niche' for funding success.	1
*Within the rankings, programs located outside the United States were excluded.	0
An analysis of the academic hiring networks in geoscience reveals a severe imbalance that favors graduates from a small handful of institutions.	1
2010 Board of the Foundation of the Scandinavian Journal of Statistics.	0
Whereas this relationship may seem straightforward, no study has looked at the strength of this association before by using bibliometric methods.	1
Strengths of this study include high-quality data and the use of both researcher characteristics (productivity and impact) and their position in the social network to assess influence.	1
I will not talk about the particular paper in question, but we have all been frustrated by papers that claim to have more than they have, and disrespect a field with a lack of knowledge/appreciation for the background literature.	0
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Our work is different from Guan and He (2007) who used Chinese patents to analyze how Chinese technology is related to science.	1
Department of Urban & Regional Planning, Faculty of Environmental Design, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0307-4803.htm	0
The key word analysis provides a better grasp of trends and hotspots in coastal flooding research.	1
The outcome measures used in these studies are shown in online Table A (http://www jama.com).	0
This article was downloaded by: [Texas A & M International University]	0
The imputed scores were distributed as follows: Cost-Effectiveness session holistic rating-1; Health Economics session disaggregated rating-1; Mental Health session disaggregated rating?1; Mental Health session holistic rating-2; Pharmacoeconomics session holistic rating-2; Technology/ Outcomes session holistic rating-1.	0
You may not further distribute the material or use it for any profit-making activity or commercial gain	0
Therefore, despite the statistically increasing number of institutional repositories, the speed with which they are installed as college infrastructure is very slow (Kim, 2006; Zuber, 2008).	0
This is a departure from prior literature, which has concentrated on the governance of knowledge development for the purpose of utilizing the innovation and has lacked an appreciation of the technological complications that must be managed before the final product becomes a reality.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Section 2 of the paper places the current study in the context of the existing literature, whereas section 3 describes the data collection process and the data available for analysis.	0
He has published in journals, including Government Information Quarterly, Library & Information Science Research, College & Research Libraries, Scientometrics, Journal of Academic Librarianship, and Journal of Documentation.	0
Following internal discussion and planning sessions, library staff ultimately settled on calling this new service Research Impact Reports.	1
Second, all legal journals should move to a system of blind submissions in which the identity and institutional affiliations of authors cannot be easily determined.	1
This gives rise to the reference class problem for credit valuation in science: to which of the agent's communities—which reference class—should credit valuations be indexed when determining the amount of credit the agent accrues for an act under some state of nature?	1
Doing so introduces a quantization error in the estimation of the median value and standard deviation of the lognormal pdf because of the grouping of the data.	0
each country's evaluation scheme possesses its own unique merits and details; however the result of this study was the identification of four main types of book evaluation systems, leading to the following main conclusions.	1
It can therefore be concluded that an ethical assessment of the universities is the missing dimension of the present ranking systems.	1
Her research interests are mostly in domain of scientometrics, particularly in the subject of bibliometric mapping.	0
First, we have offered a model to differentiate the effect of income on knowledge demand at different levels of economic development.	1
The idea of finding sets of journals with similar citation patterns and similar roles is not new, but the SBM formalises it in a way that is novel to citation network analysis.	1
This study did not look at regional journals, non-English journals or books.	0
In this sense, we believe that the "research guarantor approach" (Moya-Anegon et al., 2013) provides a way of attributing credit to the participating parties that can improve our ability to explain the internal dynamics of institutional and international collaboration, and help to better recognize the party that has more weight in the research.	1
Based on these findings, we discuss the problems arising from the potential methodological overlap among indicators and we offer future directions for bibliometric explorations of the creative quality of scientific publications.	1
We show that the free software VOSviewer may be used without knowledge in computing science and with a short learning period.	1
This work was financially supported in part by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), Taiwan, under Grant nos.MOST 108-2410-H-002-222-MY3, the Ministry of Education(MOE), Taiwan, under Grant nos.	0
To further help this growth of interest in security topics within science and technology studies (STS), we explore possible modes of socio-technical collaboration with security communities of practice.	1
1 California State University, Fullerton, 800 North State College Blvd, Fullerton, CA 92831, USA	0
TABLE 3 Top 50 keywords (ranked by keyness value) and their raw frequencies in each corpus	0
The contributions of this study are: (1) we define and formulate the author relevance rav which measures the statistical relevance of an author to individual venues; (2) by integrating the author relevance, a relevance-based co-authorship network is designed to serve individual venues; and (3) a novel author ranking algorithm, RelRank, is proposed to assist in seeking significant authors for individual venues.	1
The paper analyzed was published in 2002 and even we know Twitter was created in 2006 and Altmetric started tracking attention to research across various attention sources in October 2011 the first recorded tweet was in October 2013.	0
The key expediency of using InCitesTM in our work is the longer period of coverage, dating back to 1985.	1
Received 15 November 2018; Received in revised form 25 June 2020; Accepted 25 June 2020	0
We presented the average value of each feature in Table 1.	0
Durning, Department of Internal Medicine, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, 4301 Jones Bridge Road, Bethesda, MD 20814, USA.	0
The most frequently used keyword was “oxidative stress” as it was the string used for searching in this study.	0
Department of Philosophy, State University of New York, Oswego, NY, USA	0
Ms Link is now with the Journal of Immunology, Bethesda, Md.	0
Some have restricted the number of journals included, restricted the search to individuals who have registered with Google Scholar or have used more basic search methodology.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Specific to this study, the analysis is representative of publications related to the top 5 aesthetic surgical procedures selected from the 2013 ASPS multispecialty data and as a result is not representative of the full spectrum of aesthetic surgery publications during this timeframe.	1
Acknowledgements The authors acknowledge the enabling support provided by the DST-NSTMIS funded project 'Design of a Computational Framework for Discipline-wise and Thematic Mapping of Research Performance of Indian Higher Education Institutions (HEIs)', bearing National Science and Technology Management Information System (Grant No.	0
In addition, although it is important to analyze the distribution and retention trends of PSs and the factors that relate to their retention, there has been insufficient research in this area.	1
However, a more systematic analysis of all publications indexed by the Web of Science concluded on the contrary that there was a general trend towards de-concentration (Grossetti et al.	1
This analysis reveals that ideas originating from the lowest-prestige universities, even if they are of the highest quality, are unlikely to spread to the whole network (red line, Fig.	1
This article is published under the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) licence.	0
The enhanced version of BC is thus named BCCCC (Bibliographic Coupling with Category-based Cocitation).	1
It may appear circular to discuss “integrity” as a constituting value if it is also the overarching goal.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:305060 []	0
The McMaster Plus journal performance metrics may be useful to guide decisions about journal selection and subscriptions by clinicians, professional organizations, clinical libraries, and others whose purpose is to support evidence-based health care and who have budgets or time constraints that cannot sustain subscribing to all leading clinical journals.	1
The proposed methodology allows for an informed management decision process, also in the presence of project interdependencies and multiple policy objectives.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The TF has been proved to be a discovering tool with potential to be used in webometric studies aimed at finding influential publications.	1
Though not shown here, data for a 5-year window show the same trends.	0
To the best of our knowledge, few if any studies have examined the social features of reviewers, such as their academic status, and whether such features are associated with the outcomes of the peer review process.	1
The picture teaches us that highly diverse journals are spread across the disciplines as variation.	0
The original committee report was previously made available online at http://www.bus.vcu.edu/ economics/harless/harlessp.htm.	0
This novel task is taken as the third task of the assistive system.	1
clinical recommendations, and correlations between journal citation numbers by the guidelines and the respective journals' impact factors.	1
From small steps to great leaps, metaphors of spatial mobility abound to describe discovery processes.	1
This, in turn, allows us to identify surprising combinations—those least likely according to our model— when they arise and forecast their impact (see “Methods” for details).	0
(Granted, this is not an exact analogue of the weak market efficiency hypothesis, but perhaps it captures its spirit.)	0
In this paper, we propose a novel Analyzing Reliable Patterns of Infrequent Synonymous Biterms (ARPISB) method to improve the accuracy of predicting the potential influences of emerging topics.	1
To tackle this problem, we propose a novel real-time feedback query expansion technique, which is a two-stage interactive scholarly search process.	1
The authors are listed and ranked by the number of their articles, and the top 14 high-publishing authors are shown	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/310490709	0
This study investigates the role of non-scientific attributes alongside quality scores from peer review in determining scholarly impact.	1
1 Total reference counts per publication (minimum: 2, median: 23, mean: 58, max: 1211, n = 4649)	0
In making decisions on granting support to journals, we should not overemphasize the significance of quantitative indicators, both existing and newly developed aggregate ones.	1
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.	0
Our proposed treatment of science as a 'contribution good' leads to a rather different structure of the game and hence somewhat different incentives.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(2):410–417, 2009	0
The italic numbers in the ellipses and circles refer to the number of documents in the clusters.	0
Box plot of the number of authors of Italian publications in Neurosciences (2004–2010).	0
Although there are some existing insights about research stakeholders' perceptions of RI education (ENERI 2017; Evans et al.	1
In this work we use variance as a measure of variability.	0
In any case, the findings should be considered with caution because the study contains several limitations.	0
However, we think that also an alternative—more pessimistic—scenario, emerging from an analysis of recent trends in scientific productivity, deserves attention because of the threats it may pose to the independence of research and its role in supporting human equity and sustainable health for all.	1
We therefore formulate four ideal types4 of book evaluation systems (in parentheses the countries that best represent the ideal type, i.e.	1
Discussion period open until September 1, 2012; separate discussions must be submitted for individual papers.	0
This study is also among the first to provide a large-scale, multidisciplinary comparison of the citation coverage of GS and WoS.	1
The key findings from this study include identifying a median h-index of 20 using GS and 15 using WoS for editorial board members of top sports medicine journals.	1
Whereas RPYS focuses on counting cited references, this new indicator, N_TOP0_1+, identifies publications which have been exceptionally useful as cited references for researchers in a field or topic over many years.	1
This study, for the first time, employed the method of bibliometrics to analyze intracranial aneurysm publications found on the Web of Science (WOS, Thomson Reuters Company) database from 1991 to 2012.	1
However, such uncertainties are very rare and can be considered acceptable because the aim of this study is to figure out how enthusiastic the physicists have been about contributing articles to their IR depending on their familiarity level to self-archiving through a long-run SR repository, but not the reverse.	0
By introducing the ORCID DE Monitor, we have facilitated an international observational tool for monitoring the dissemination of ORCID.	1
However, overall it can be concluded that, apart from the decreased association between evolutionary computation concepts and neural network concepts, the associations between the main concepts in the CI field have been fairly stable over the last years.	0
Study 5 further suggested that even a very brief explanation, which could be added to all preprints, allowed nonscientists to differentiate them from the peer-reviewed literature.	1
(c) Negative Affect Mediates the Prediction of Neglect from OJ and ID.	0
This methodology can identify stages of the KT and determinate how strongly- and in a near future how effective and efficient- these stages are interacting with each other.	1
We piloted a new approach to classifying citations, designed specifically to facilitate citation analysis across generations of citing papers.	1
Using a bibliometric approach, we present a high resolution analysis of NCD research in ten key "Bell weather” countries that reflect the (stable, permissive) diversity of the MENA region between 1991 and 2018 (28 years) to characterize its breadth and depth and how these have evolved over the course of nearly three decades.	1
This trend appears to be consistent over the 20 year period.	0
This study provides insights to design and improve similar academic mobility programmes worldwide.	1
Total Ns differ from the ones reported in Table 1 due to missing values on the entry period variable.	0
The combination of different techniques shows complementary and comprehensive aspects of topic and trend evolution in the dynamics of emerging research fields, providing main implications for scientific and technological forecasting.	1
She also thanks Todd Bruns, Tim Dolan, Eric Edwards, and Stacy Katz for their valuable feedback on drafts of this article.	0
The benefits of publishing research papers first in preprint form are substantial and long-lasting also in chemistry.	1
This study proposes a comprehensive methodology that exploits a list of novel content-based features to classify citations into important and incidental classes.	1
Figure 4: The number of new authors across disciplines during the 2008–18 period.	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Co-author collaborations of up to 18 years from first co-authored publication	0
In this way, we are able to provide a better understanding of gender differences in international research collaboration.	1
We also exploit a panel of journal articles for which OA pre-prints are available to address the issue of selection bias with more confidence.	1
We share the perceptions and experiences of medical educators from various parts of India, enrolled in an online teaching learning programme on various issues of PM.	1
Percentages corresponding to each error type are indicated, rounded to the nearest single digit.	0
Further details concerning the interpretation of the map are given in Fig.	0
Community pharmacists and other pharmacists and researchers can use the tools and quality indicators provided in this study to preliminarily determine the quality and reliability of a journal to assist their professional decision-making and patient care.	1
This English naming convention makes it impossible to distinguish the two career paths.	0
Methodologically, the TFR assigns to a citation from a patent family a weight that depends upon the geographical coverage of the protection requested in a patent application, the economic benefit it is expected to generate, and the patent family's propensity to cite the scientific literature.	1
It turns out that adverse incentive problems emerge as a result of this system change.	1
We believe that this approach has a significant advantage over prior approaches in that the three programs are likely to draw from comparable applicant pools and have similar awardee selection criteria.	1
Six weeks after writing him, I heard from Merton on 19 April 1962.	0
We observe a five year period to avoid the random fluctuations of yearly observations.	0
But from the point of view of reproducibility of the results and their interpretation this can also be seen as problematic.	0
Other terminology, such as “information studies," proved to be too broad.	0
We believe our method is one of the most objective and accessible approach for scientific libraries to select target journals.	1
Not having been covered by the above mentioned studies, it is therefore unclear, if an inter-disciplinary field of research such as FAW science follows the general trends of scientific work in Europe.	1
*Corresponding author: Pooja Bhatia, Foundation for Innovation and Technology Transfer, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, Haus Khas, New Delhi-110016, India, e-mail: poojabhatia.fitt@gmail.com	0
We have already acknowledged that this is not a scientific paper and therefore, these findings should not be expected.	0
It is also the first study that provides data about the subsequent research output of the retracted papers’ authors.	1
Received 23 January 2006; received in revised form 29 March 2006; accepted 30 March 2006	0
An original element of our study is that we used SIGAPS analysis to separate the journals by their IF within their discipline.	1
For purpose of quantifying the radical novelty from this viewpoint, another topic model, CIM model (Dietz et al., 2007), is resorted in this article.	1
Ralf Shaw for her comments on earlier versions of this manuscript.	0
The primary methodological innovation of our work consists of accounting for compositional homophily due to sub-field structure.	1
Another contribution of the present study is to confirm the applicability of altmetrics at the institutional level, despite the limitation of DOI-based identification of papers in Altmetric.com.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
This paper has demonstrated that CPBF deserves closer study and conceptualisation, since it opens the door for the unfolding of capitalist relations of production in academia, further reinforcing, but also substantially modifying and overdetermining, other dynamics of the commodification of academic science-for example, some funding agencies actively encourage partnerships between academia and business at the level of research projects' membership.	1
(Axiomatic characterisation is used in a number of areas for the same purpose.)	0
We study economists’ strategic responses to this norm in their location decisions, while the literature focuses on collaborative behaviours or surname manipulations.	1
We call this phenomenon “quality censoring” in peer review.	1
Consequently, the increase in WSP of mainland China obviously or even primarily impacts the IAP in natural science and technology subjects.	1
Specifically, using a rank-order normalization procedure, we compress the results of multiple RPYS analyses into a single, consistent rank scale that clearly highlights years of punctuated impact across RPYS analyses.	1
2017), we devised a procedure to open the black box by decomposing the measure in its components and by developing sensitivity analyses on each of them.	1
We will notify the member who deposited metadata for the posted content when we find a match between the title and first author of two publications, so that the potential relationship can be reviewed.	0
Second, it examined the effect of institutional policies and organizational characteristics such as size, time in operation and location on university research productivity using an objective measure of university research productivity.	1
This requires the creation of composite indicators based on measurable parameters (Vinkler 2006; Torres Salinas et al.	0
In addition, we also design an online Web server, Science Navigation Map (SNM), which not only visualizes the gALM but provides it with interactive features.	1
We proposed the COIRank algorithm to quantify the scientific impact by reproducing the accumulated COI relationship in scientific community.	1
This study will be the first of its kind to take the intensity of market competition within disciplines into account.	1
[Fictional abbreviations] These footnotes have become perfunctory; neither the journal editor nor reviewers pay much attention to them.	0
Keywords: cross-disciplinary comparisons; evaluation; grant review; manuscript reviews; peer review; quality control; reliability	0
An important contribution of this study is demonstrating that, empirically, these are not mutually exclusive perspectives.	1
Permission to quote by school name was given in most of the questionnaires, but lack of space precluded complete quotations.	0
Parts of both journals and proceedings were referred to as articles throughout this study.	0
However, their systematic presentation is proposed in order to explore the organizational and institutional conditions for the production of such ‘positioning indicators’, a subject to which we will devote the second part of the paper.	0
The relevance ranking method proposed here, then, is to use the number of citation overlaps that a document shares with the key papers as the relevance ranking for that document.	1
The author is grateful to Karen McClaskey of Truman State University for editing this paper.	0
UoAs are arranged in a partial left-to-right order for ease of visual interpretation only.	0
All claims expressed in this article are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of their affiliated organizations, or those of the publisher, the editors and the reviewers.	0
Table A: (Continued) CL areas: (a) Business School, (b) Development/Growth and Systems, (c) Econometrics, (d) General, (e) History and Thought/Methodology, (f) Macroeconomics	0
With the help of our advanced model, we present a detailed picture of mobility in Sweden and demonstrate the power of this customisable tool.	1
This paper constitutes the first findings[1] of an international survey of journal authors which was commissioned by the Publishers Association (PA) and the International Association of Scientific, Technical and Medical Publishers (STM), with additional support from CIBER associates, early in 2005.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/361938577	0
This paper was written with the aim to contribute to a better understanding of the scientific knowledge in global warming as well as to investigate the evolution of the research knowledge of the topic through the published papers included in Web of Science database.	1
We have identified different roles related to the concept of leadership, measured by means of the participation as first or corresponding author, prestige, direct contribution, active direction, supervision, or management.	1
To measure how far a scholar is from the Turing Award, we propose a metric called the Turing Number (TN) and find that the TN decreases gradually over time.	1
(2) Have you found the system to be useful to you and your group?	0
BCCCC is an enhanced version of BC, which works on out-link references (rather than in-link citations employed by CC), making it able to deal with those articles that get very few or even no citations.	1
This paper proposes an open-science-aligned approach that uses library metadata to evaluate individual books.	1
Please cite this article as: Andrikopoulos, A., Samitas, A., Kostaris, K., Four decades of the Journal of Econometrics: Coauthorship patterns and networks.	0
However, the fate of ophthalmology articles after their retraction has so far not been analysed.	1
Data tables, SQL queries, and R scripts are available via DataVerse: https://doi.org/10.5683/SP2/ZDC1RA	0
Autrement dit, l'objectif de ce travail est de proposer un nouveau filtre d'une requête quelconque de Medline et d'en évaluer son rendement global dans cette étude de faisabilité.	1
In contrast we model science as a contribution game in which spillovers differentially benefit contributors over non-contributors.	1
To bridge the gap, this study analyzes how academic ghostwriting providers in Chinese and English contexts obscure the commodity nature and justify their practices—one of the first comparative studies in this field to our knowledge.	1
First, we extend the research on the dissemination of scientific papers on social media by providing a holistic and comprehensive insight into the influencing factors.	1
Author affiliations and article information are listed at the end of this article.	0
From a practical perspective, these findings could inform teacher educators on issues they may engage pre-service science teachers when discussing the uses of AI.	1
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article: This research was supported by the "National Natural Science Foundation of China” (71673038, 71974029).	0
We proposed a novel approach for project funds distribution that integrates adaptive similarity fitting and MOO using the NSGA-II.	1
Funding: We acknowledge support by the CSIC Open Access Publication Initiative through its Unit of Information Resources for Research (URICI).	0
In this pilot study of the early years of social media adoption for research dissemination, we demonstrated that the correlation between social media posts of recent hand surgery research publications and conventional academic citations is weak but significant.	1
Journals marked zero on the x-axis had no JIF or were not indexed Science Citation Index or Science Citation Index Expanded journals.	0
This study has demonstrated that although a small proportion of orthopaedic journals publish all their articles as OA, more than a third provide authors the option to publish their work as OA given that they pay a median publication fee of $3,000.	1
First, the authors present a literature review on research collaborations and gender.	0
These objective measures may help to provide some insight and clarity for this promotion process.	1
In this study we investigate if articles suffering delayed recognition can at the same time be under-cited influential articles.	1
Thus, in the field of the humanities research another type of 'authority' could be discovered.	1
The narrow aspects of such studies, whether concerning research activity or impact, are not directly accessible.	0
Such studies have demonstrated differences in trends between alternative metrics and conventional citation counts, supporting the unique roles served by these measures in assessing article impact (5,9).	1
We believe this is the most detailed data available on the current NIH funding status of surgeon-scientists in the US, painting a more promising picture than previous literature might suggest.	1
These results demonstrate that both small and large teams are essential to a flourishing ecology of science and technology, and suggest that, to achieve this, science policies should aim to support a diversity of team sizes.	1
Department of Preventive and Restorative Dentistry, College of Dental Medicine, University of Sharjah, Sharjah, UAE	0
This result highlights the importance of academic job mobility but also alerts for cases of “over-loads of mobility," leading us to argue for some degree of stability in academic careers, supported by policies fostering temporary international mobility spells.	1
A similar probability statement can be written for those people who must find a third most preferred outlet for their paper.	0
We have the chance to evolve together into a world that we hope will match the vision Benkler offers: IRs as part of a positive cultural transformation.	0
We showed that the optimal author's strategy is to trade off the amount of research information provided in the manuscript with the average informativeness of these items by selecting an intermediate number of attributes.	1
This paper proposes a science and technology semantic linkage integration model for discovering LTSTs.	1
RQ3: No previous study has investigated whether gendered citation advantages associate with higher proportions of women, so a small tendency for the opposite to occur is a new finding.	1
The limitations in the use of citations are discussed and dismissed in Leibowitz and Palmer (1988).	0
Our study seeks to advance two research streams.	1
Additional Supporting Information may be found in the online version of this article.	0
From the LOCKNET Peer Review Research Group: European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (Dr Garrow) and BMJ Publishing Group (Mr Butterfield, Ms Marshall, and Mrs Williamson), London, England.	0
The main global objective of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of the validity of measures based on corresponding authorship, evaluating their significance at the institutional level, in this case, Brazilian institutions as a case of study.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first investigation of synchronous author self-citation in a dental subfield.	1
This paper is dedicated to the African scientists who tragically lost their lives during the 2014 Ebola outbreak.	0
This was conducted using Harzing's Publish or Perish, which utilizes Google Scholar data.	0
This study explains how to go beyond distance barriers; therefore, the flows between locations must be explored.	1
However, our results have shown an association of retraction on citations re- ceived by articles highly cited before the retraction.	1
We provide two contributions: integrating new kind of information and using new ranking techniques.	1
While prior work mostly studies the role of earnings (Borjas, 1987), we find that migration decisions are also affected by nonpecuniary considerations that arise from academic norms.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
8 We are grateful to a referee for suggesting that we emphasize this point.	0
2 Conversion of a weighted graph (left) to an unweighted graph (right)	0
No further analysis of the quality or contribution of the paper to the field or to the integration of the disciplinary insights reported is made here.	0
The third column of the table denotes the average difference of MSE on the test set.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This article proposes a taxonomy of such innovations and discusses a number of cases where, for instance, the assignment of reviewers is handled differently from current best practice.	1
The main contribution of this work is Ogmios's autonomous capacity to retrieve and combine all necessary information on scientific profiles and production from different data sources and, also, its adaptability to any university or research institution.	1
Creating a model of strategic network formation with heterogeneous nodes and stochasticity constitutes the main technical innovation of this paper (discussed in more detail in Heesen 2016).	1
No matter what the form is, the ultimate goal of mentorship is to enhance the personal and professional development of protégés (Chao 1997).	0
2 Observatoire des Sciences et des Technologies, Université du Québec à Montréal, Montréal, Québec, Canada	0
This paper provides insights into KM research published in the KMRP, which could arguably apply to the whole KM domain considering that KMRP is a representative example of the wider KM literature.	1
Therefore, this paper contributes to the existing literature in two ways.	1
However, the details of how funding connects to such returns are typically assumed rather than empirically investigated.	1
We have, therefore, tried to develop a Sciento-text framework for research performance assessment at fine-grained research area level.	1
Thus, this study is one of its kinds that aims to fulfill these gaps.	1
This dataset can reveal hidden dynamics in the scholar's career progress.	1
The findings contribute to the sociology of scientific knowledge and science and technology studies, which have concentrated on academic recognition in the realm of research, but paid less attention to such recognition in organizational contexts.	1
109-282) also requires a single US Government-wide searchable database of all awards and contracts by the end of 2007.	0
In order to optimize the process and evaluate the potential impact of academic papers accurately, this paper proposes a model which combine paper's metadata and semantic information to predict whether a paper can become high-level cited paper instantly.	1
The Altmetric score had a stronger relationship with number of citations than Journal Impact Factor and each article's open access status.	1
Finally, the Conclusions put forward the study's main contributions, limitations, and policy implications.	0
In this article, we propose a synthetic indicator for the performance orientation of public R&D funding at the country level that allows for quantitative comparisons across countries and over time, and we illustrate the methodology for its computation and validation.	1
However, the data do not show any retractions for papers published in the current year (2017).	0
Next, we propose a new method based on referenced studies.	1
This note develops and extends the results contained in Lissoni et al.	1
Philanthropic disease-oriented foundations are experimenting with new research funding models that challenge assumptions about the commercialization of academic research.	1
A critical finding of our study is that the implementation of successful RI education is highly dependent on various individual, institutional, and system-of-science factors.	1
We see these trustees as belonging to a different register than the channels thus far described in the literature (see related literature section, above).	1
We shed light on this question by conducting a randomized controlled trial at the Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence (UAI) 2022 conference where reviewer discussions were conducted over a typed forum.	1
The authors wish to acknowledge funding received from the European Commission and the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs without which this study would not have been possible.	0
Acknowledgements We appreciate support from CONACyT (Mexico, Basic Science Project A1S9013), and SNI.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Our findings showed that infrastructure for understanding research is much more than just inter-connected databases and some wires in between.	1
In this study, we propose a new SCR-based index (ASCR) aimed at reducing the time and resources required to create individual SCR profiles and to establish a threshold capable of quickly identifying strategic behaviors, regardless of the researcher's scientific sector.	1
The details of all data and methods used are given in Supplementary Note 1.	0
To evaluate the frequency and reason for retraction of ophthalmology publications.	1
This is the last paper in the Synthesis section of this special issue on ‘Same Data, Different Results'.	1
From a theoretical perspective, this study expands understanding of the relationship between publication pressure and QRPs from the viewpoint of moral self-regulation.	1
This paper describes an effort to establish a list of core publications and databases to help librarians support the information needs of hospital pharmacy professionals.	1
The article points to some creative efforts by scholars to forge alternative models for scholarly communication that move away from a marketized and restrictive model of knowledge production, and towards epistemic justice.	1
We explore a dual score system that simultaneously evaluates the relative importance of authors and their papers from a given author-paper-citation heterogeneous network.	1
Furthermore, we demonstrate that the coronavirus-related research is not becoming more interdisciplinary before 2019, and the COVID-19 pandemic makes the coronavirus research field more interdisciplinary.	1
During this process, we explored and undertook a variety of new roles, ranging from project leader, hybrid scholar to content creator and publisher.	1
The paper introduces an improved methodology for analyzing trends in four major schools of thought in psychology from 1979 to 2020.	1
Conclusions with limitations of this work are discussed in section 4.	0
We developed our guidelines to improve the status quo, and we urge the publishers and the editorial-advisory boards of biomedical journals to adopt them.	1
4 we report the performance (F1 Score) of the second classifier.	1
Copyright of Online Information Review is the property of Emerald Group Publishing Limited and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder’s express written permission.	0
This study has provided a comprehensive analysis of aging and scholarly communication behavior and metrics for faculty members in the social sciences currently serving at elite institutions.	1
Here we illustrate a new approach to the automated assessment of book reviews based on sentiment or opinion-related content.	1
This might just illustrate such kind of “divergence” in the basic orientation of sub-disciplines of information science.	0
Special attention is paid to analysis of the indicators of Russian journals in foreign informational resources, as well as to problems of the thematic attribution and clustering of journals proceeding from the subject categories of Scopus and Web of Science, the OECD rubricators, and the State Rubricator of Scientific and Technical Information (SRSTI).	1
The data for obtaining this affinity is updated on the Scopus approximately once every 3 months.	0
11) by a public actor for a long-running Space Shuttle program, this study complements McGahan, Zelner, and Barney (2013; p.	1
All dubious variants of one and the same author and publication year were checked using the WoS database.	0
This study presents a deep learning approach for scientometric analysis and classification of scientific literature based on convolutional neural networks (CNN).	1
This article has been cited by 2 articles hosted by HighWire Press; see: http://www.sciencemag.org/content/342/6157/468.full.html#related-urls	0
The Polish research evaluation model, which differs considerably from other country models described in the literature, is a specific case that may provide useful considerations for other higher education structures and practice-based disciplines.	1
We are aware of only 1 study on electronic resources in a specific Spanish biomedical journal.	1
2, showing the distribution of the number of individual articles with a similarity score higher than the threshold for each year.	0
We are grateful for comments given at the meetings of the Mimir Project and the Organizations and Networks Seminar at Stanford.	0
To task, we designed a novel indicator for the influence of science on technology, in line with existing impact metrics for science, and show that a relation exists between scientific and technological relevances—which grow together for most of the nations considered in our study.	1
The analysis uses a novel, open dataset of IR access and usage derived from five months of Google search engine results pages (SERP) data, which were aggregated by the Repository Analytics and Metrics Portal (RAMP) web service.	1
To bridge this gap, this study devotes to discovering the science-technology-industry linkages of science-based industries from the perspective of mutual citations among scholarly articles, patents, and products.	1
To this end, we propose a graphical representation of bibliographic data as a way to model interconnected bibliographic entities.	1
The strengths of the proposed impact measure are evident when applied to eminent scientists who have not published considerably, but who have nevertheless produced substantial contributions to science.	1
The major contribution of the current study is to bridge this gap by linking the mode of academic training with scientific knowledge production and career development in later career stages.	1
This study does not develop new methodologies from text or network embeddings, but intends to act as a bridge between the new developments made in the field of Deep Learning, and studies in Science of Science.	1
It complements previous studies on predictors of social media coverage (Chapa et al.	1
Note that this can also be proved by observing Table 2.	0
We anticipate that as this innovation becomes better known it will increasingly be adopted by traditional and non-traditional research groups to easily track their productivity and impact.	1
The present study has used statistical analysis to quantitatively examine the impact of administrative roles on the research performance of academic administrators.	1
This is the first study to systematically explore the citation consolidation of articles with both an arXiv version and a publisher version.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Those programs, of course, are evaluated in some fashion by all of us on a routine basis when, for instance, we make decisions about how to advise undergraduate students who are planning to go to graduate school, how to advise graduate students who are beginning to explore employment possibilities, and how to advise ourselves when we consider moving from place to place.	0
I argue that, in spite of this, mathematical practice in general and refereeing practices in particular are such that the common practice of mathematical journals of using just one referee is justified from the point of view of proof validity assessment.	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
Generally, our work lays the foundation for constructing networks based on fine-grained knowledge entities and using network characteristics to analyze their influence, explore their relationships and analyze their evolution.	1
The execution of these programmes will improve the long-term viability and profitability of these business actors.	0
These percentages add up to over 100% because some notices gave more than one justification for the retraction of one article.	0
As far as we know, this is the first study which dealt with measuring research productivity in the field of MS/ NMOSD.	1
Open access solutions for biodiversity journals: Do not replace one problem with another	1
To this end, it adds a qualitative dimension to the body of research that focuses on contributorship problems and journal and certification level approaches for addressing these problems.	1
restaurants and food firms), but to the authors’ knowledge, no study has compared Twitter use by two countries in terms of communication on organic products.	1
Many surprises were encountered, and common wisdom with regard to assumptions about the crust and upper mantle was put to the test.	0
For example, a reference set may contain a limited number of 10 papers.	0
As demonstrated in 4 examples the increase of the h-index does not necessarily depend on the factual performance for several years in the future, but is more likely to result from previous, often rather old publications, i.e., on passée achievements.	1
Dotted lines are the 95% con- fidence intervals of linear trend regres- sions.	0
By relating publication weight to publication size the authors offer an alternative perspective on the production of scholars who publish monographs.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first attempt to characterize rehabilitation journal articles ranked highest by alternative metrics.	1
This approach breaks through the limitation of relying solely on metadata as feature data, offering a new perspective for in-depth exploration of emerging research trends.	1
We recommend a new approach to improve the results of DCA by integrating the concept of the document similarity measure into it.	1
As a result, the impact index has been recently described, which allows for adjustment of citation counts based on time since publications, thus yielding a more objective measure of the impact of publications.	1
Determining the scale invariant properties of the relationship between citation-based performance (CBP) and international/domestic collaboration will provide information to the scientometric scientific community interested in the study of co-authorship networks of academic disciplines.	1
Therefore, the results of an experiment comparing faculty valuations of serials to valuations produced using bibliometric analysis will be novel in two ways.	1
This is an observation that should always be kept in mind when discussing internationality and academic journals, since it is obvious that there is a great difference between a journal publishing articles by authors from two neighboring countries and another journal publishing authors from all over the globe; i.e.	0
Manuscript submitted 2021-11-14, revised 2022-06-03, initially accepted for publication 2022-06-28, published in August 2022.	0
Funding: This work was supported by the Special Projects of Public Health Emergency Management for Chengdu University of Technology in 2020.	0
Both publication strategies can lead to a successful academic career, yet we have an indication through the h5-index that the practices of the High a group are more likely to nudge the h-index.	1
Keywords Forecasting · Library and information science · Sub-field analysis · Disciplinary differences · Time series analysis	0
The authors would like to thank Editage (www.editage.com) for English-language editing.	0
Department of Research in Biomedicine and Health, University of Split, School of Medicine, Split, Croatia	0
The present findings both illustrate the positive outcomes of combined clinical research training programs and highlight opportunity for improvement in academic productivity of surgeons undergoing formal research training.	1
I here use a more convincing sample of 31,000 economists – for whom relevant data are readily available – and also test whether the Matthew effect is stronger for older cohorts.	1
Peer Review History: PLOS recognizes the benefits of transparency in the peer review process; therefore, we enable the publication of all of the content of peer review and author responses alongside final, published articles.	0
3 Changes in the annual percentages of articles among the top five industries	0
The titles and abstracts of the articles were reviewed to estimate whether they are related to acute pancreatitis.	0
The article offers a novel understanding of research impact and its assessment through the lens of multiple symbolic resources, whereby value is recognized and attributed according to the logic of different fields.	1
This study contributes primarily through providing the first retrospective overview of the IJLM between 1990 and 2019.	1
In recent years, the two countries have accounted for 24.66% and 25.65% of the total international collaboration in the United States, respectively, representing an increase of 8.36% and 9.35% compared to the period preceding the Trump administra- tion.	0
This suggests that there is a significant difference in search effectiveness between the two groups.	0
The solution to Equation (2) depends on the initial value of x, denoted as x(0).	0
But what happens to the productivity of tournament winners after they win the prize?	1
Received: 10 May 2009; revised 11 June 2009; accepted 18 June 2009	0
The author serves on the Publishing Policy Committee of the American Institute of Physics and is a Technical Staff Member of Bell Laboratories, 600 Mountain Ave., Murray Hill, NJ 07974, (201) 582-4730.	0
All authors except JO, who was an ORISE fellow placed in the Office of Library Science at CDC, are US government employees (CDC).	0
This finding reflects a massive enhancement to the quality of GWO articles over the years.	0
The study being the only scientometric analysis on QMRA in water quality assessment to the best of our knowledge, generated comprehensive and broad list of journals, countries, institutions and authors involved in related research alongside the trend in publication growth.	1
1 Number of articles per years published from Malaysia in all disciplines indexed in WOSTM	0
Despite the above limitations, this study contributes to advancing knowledge on the research performed in the context of population aging, helping to remedy the near- total absence of studies offering a comprehensive vision of the research panorama in this field.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first of its kind to obtain initial data regarding bibliometric analysis of articles published in one of the most leading toxicology journals.	1
The Managing Editor in charge of this paper was Andrea Ichino.	0
Data are presented as median (interquartile range (IQR)) unless otherwise specified.	0
1 From the Department of Physical Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio.	0
An example of constructing the cooperation network from authors' cooperation relations.	0
The results of this limited, but distinctive, study indicate an increased complexity for academic libraries and librarianship.	1
This paper examines the effects of evaluating technological practices with a methodology originally designed to assess science.	1
Based on this knowledge, we present in the final part of this article a new data set we have enriched with discipline information, to allow historians of higher education to study the topic of interdisciplinary research directly from text.	1
In this way, it fills the gap in scholarship by discovering how researchers prioritise research collaboration requirements and how social relations are involved in that process.	1
Due to the limited scope of prior research, it remains unclear whether there is any citations advantage provided by OA across sub-fields in biology.	1
Among them, textual support is divided into lexical, topic, and semantic support, which are respectively based on TF-IDF, LDA, and fine-tuned sentence-BERT.	1
This is the first time that global modeling (as a bibliometric technique) has been presented to the TFSC audience.	1
The bigger green squares represented countries of USA, Japan, England, Germany, Canada and Australia respectively in Fig.	0
In this paper, we have explored distinct modes of competition in scientific communication.	1
We introduce a new kind of heatmap that not only illustrates RESP values but represents their corresponding weights.	1
Correspondence should be sent to Jonah Berger, Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 700 Jon M.	0
Statistics, measures and misfits of each year (year statistics: measure order)	0
The main notation and relevant mathematical symbols used in the text are summarized in Table 2.	0
The re-emphasis of the values of academic integrity and development of strategies to cope with this widespread phenomenon have thus become indispensable.	0
It needs to be noted that while, due to the periodic SJR updates which include retrospective data, the data of the present study may not coincide exactly with those given on the portal, they will basically be the same.	0
The authors of this paper believe that an adequate ranking model for the universities of Iran should take into account the universities' contributions toward achieving the strategic goals set forth by social leaders.	1
Using kernel density estimation method and Markov chain for spatiotemporal characteristic analysis and stability analysis breaks through the current situation that most literatures are limited to static perspective research when studying coupling coordination relationships, and accumulates more valuable empirical evidence for building a collaborative linkage pattern among regions.	1
Acknowledgements The bibliometric data used in this paper are from an in-house database developed and maintained by the Competence Center for Bibliometrics (CCB) and derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) prepared by Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA).	0
Often it is only when focusing on the write-up that we fully engage with our research questions.	0
4 Note that we split the numbers of who travelled less than 1,000 kilometres in 0–99 and 100–999 in order to attain more precise insight in the participants from very close to the host city.	0
Stem cell research has been rising to the forefront of biomedical science and public health and research policy in recent years.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The authors are grateful to Javier Ruiz-Castillo for inspiring us to undertake this research work and for extremely helpful comments.	0
Second, we examine whether the relationship between expert scores and journal rankings varies with journal prestige.	1
In this article, we argue that the perspective of egocentric networks can provide a new look on the dynamics of scientific communities and conciliates the two approaches: analyzing individual social positions and connecting them to broader community dynamics.	1
In contrast with prior work that focused on collaborators (Azoulay, Graff Zivin, and Wang 2010; Oettl 2012; Jaravel, Petkova, and Bell 2018; Mohnen 2018), our work leverages new tools to define scientific subfields which allows us to expand our focus to the response by scientists who may have similar intellectual interests with the deceased stars without ever collaborating with them.	1
By meticulously tracking the scope and volume of scholarly articles over the decades, this study also makes a much-needed contribution to the extant theoretical knowledge through a valuable evolutionary (longitudinal) synthesis of both merchandising theory and practice and generated quantitative data that illuminate the relationships between merchandising and other commercial functions.	1
The second column reports the minimum cosine similarity score from the time series.	0
Received December 2, 2019, accepted January 8, 2020, date of publication January 16, 2020, date of current version February 4, 2020.	0
This study has distinguished two types of SLA interdisciplinary studies: (1) SLA studies entering other disciplines to form interdisciplinary studies; (2) studies from other disciplines entering SLA to form interdisciplinary studies in SLA.	1
This essay is intended to further our understanding of text recycling by identifying and describing these factors, exploring the limits of current definitions, and finally offering a new definition.	1
Downloaded by University of Colorado Boulder At 03:42 29 April 2017 (PT)	0
As a final contribution, this study provides the dataset of papers and citations over time, tagged with rich metadata from multiple sources (Frachtenberg, 2021).	1
Second, we contribute to the emerging bibliometric literature on PPPs by proving the usefulness of text-mining techniques for matching patents and publications.	1
This follow-up study should depict the evolution of the orthodontic literature in the last 10 years.	1
The logarithm is taken for each variable to conform to the assumptions for Pearson correlation, namely, normality, linearity, and homoscedasticity.	0
Nowadays libraries and information providers offer electronic full-text access to most journal articles.	0
Therefore, it is reasonable to believe that most or all the documents covered by Web of Science are also covered by Google Scholar.	0
The new indicators, X and E, help us complement the old measures of P and C to get a better picture of bibliometric performance</FIELD>.	1
Types of references in the 409 most-cited economics papers published 2001-2005	0
The Lorenz curve is a ranked distribution of the cumulative percentage of the population of recipients on the abscissa versus the cumulative percentage of the resource distributed along the ordinate axis.	0
manuscripts (28.6%) narrowly exceeds the percentage of females in the corresponding author position (20.4%) in 2016.	1
After merging geographic coordinate information, article usage data is able to reflect different user behaviors in different regions (Wang et al. 2012, 2013b).	1
The views in this paper are solely those of the authors, and do not necessarily represent the views of the Department of the Navy or any of its components, UNAM, University of Virginia or University of Karlsruhe.	0
When practicing managers talk about ‘reading’, the activ-ity to which they refer does not necessarily entail looking at every word on every page.	0
In contrast to the prior work on research efficiency, here we demonstrate that a reasonable/plausible measure of research efficiency is feasible only using bibliometric data without involving funding/salary information.	1
We now provide a formula for the estimate of the variance of ln(MHq), which is used in the construction of its confidence interval.	1
The details of how the thresholds are determined can be found in Appendix 2.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Surprisingly, institutions with the highest share of publication in predatory journals are among the most reputable and well-known universities of the country.	1
To the best of our knowledge, no close analyses of REF2021 environment statements have yet been published, apart from Manville et al.’s (2021) real-time study of REF as it happened, including focus group research on academic and professional service staff experiences of completing them.	1
The present study covers the entire scope of LIS and is longitudinal.	1
This study extends existing work in three chief ways.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
With these two new research features, the current study is a significant departure from the previous methodologies used to analyze LIS trends in India.	1
Our study, however, situated in the Pakistani context, examines evidence of articles published in the predatory journals by professors at public universities in the social sciences and humanities.	1
This work has been supported by the Consellería de Educación, Investigación, Cultura y Deporte, Generalitat Valenciana (BEST 2016/153).	0
The review presented here is meant simply to serve as a “reality check” of the broadest sort.	0
Each row in the figure represents a single feature, and these features are sorted according to contribution level.	0
Against this background, we perform a comprehensive analysis using a large bibliometric database that contains over 11 million papers from various research fields that are published between 2000 and 2008 on the Web of Science (WOS).	1
Moreover, this study is based on data from two databases, CNKI and SSCI, suggesting that the coverage of sample papers is broader compared to those of previous studies.	1
The few studies that investigated current status of Africa such as Fox and Hanlon (2015) merely provided scanty information on the number of institutional repositories and OA journals without providing details.	1
An experimental comparison of content-based and citation-based detection methods.	1
The goal of this work is to conduct a carefully designed experiments in the peer-review process to enhance our understanding of the dynamics of discussion among reviewers.	1
Four located the category by simply scrolling down the page; two by choosing “General” from the table, which brought the participant to a part of the alphabetical list that is near “History”; and one by choosing “Government,” which similarly brought the participant close to the link to the History section.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
It is the purpose of the present investigation to raise doubts about this conclusion.	1
The authors thank all members of the REPOPA consortium for their participation in evaluation activities and discussions.	0
Received 19 October 2006; received in revised form 20 October 2006; accepted 21 October 2006	0
To this latter end, a series of nested models are estimated and compared.	0
Please cite this article in press as: Kapeller, J., Steinerberger, S., Emergent phenomena in scientific publishing: A simulation exercise.	0
He also observes, “This sort of thing is very much a critical judgment call; it's not a science.”16	0
The characteristics of the collaboration types are summarized in Table 1.	0
We believe that understanding the network structure of the training-hiring and collaboration is the first step to consider the meaning of hiring across countries.	1
However, there is a lack of articles assessing the quality of the scientific yield in this area.	1
The present study has some limitations in that we chose only four journals which might not be representative of all scholarly publications in East Africa.	0
(6) to be sufficiently high even when the probability in Eq.	1
When we look at the other disciplines, we can see that while there are some fluctuations, the results are fairly stable, especially when we exclude large proportions of the original data.	0
Received February 13, 2017; revised January 30, 2018; accepted February 28, 2018	0
This article presents a management framework informed by scientometrics and bibliometrics...	1
Note: Journal number implies the number of journals in the discipline in the 2018 JCR; citable documents indicates the number of research articles and reviews in the discipline in 2016–2017;	0
The lower the median, the larger the mean impact of the publication set.	0
In fact, both academic researchers and practitioners preferred to collaborate among themselves.	1
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
The use of research productivity metrics has been validated in many specialties; however, to date they have not been used in shoulder and elbow surgery fellowships.	1
The papers are ordered with cited times from high to low.	0
This is a case-study in the sociology of how and why some scientific practices initially seen as “dangerous” gain acceptance and become part of science's lore.	1
The scaled layout was proposed, which is a new layout tree designed specifically for webgraphs.	1
Because of these limitations, many variants of the h-index (e.g., the g-index Egghe (2006)) have been produced but they in turn have their own biases and also increase the complexity and lack of transparency of the metric so in this paper we will concentrate on the fundamental h-index.	0
Secondly, the number of papers published in each period was approximately equal.	0
In this work we try to overcome these limitations by proposing a new, finer-grain conference classification approach.	1
The present study aimed to address this gap by integrating multiple data sources in order to reconstruct the complete history of each manuscript, from its initial deposit to a pre-print repository to its completion of the peer-review process and final publication in a journal.	1
Figure S1 Plot of the residuals by year, topic and country of the cited papers	0
This study aims to do a citation content analysis in order to fill the gap in our knowledge of how peer-reviewed video articles are used in journal articles.	1
Received 15 May 2019; received in revised form 24 July 2019; accepted 22 February 2020	0
Interested readers should direct questions regarding the data to the corresponding author.	0
However, no studies until now have described the relationship between the scholarly performance of researchers and their reviewing activity from a bibliometric view.	1
The use of the techniques related to topic modeling provides insights about the content of the publications.	1
This article provides a historical perspective on the publications in pediatrics between 1945 and 2010.	1
This is the first study on Open Access (OA) in the field of oncology.	1
We thank Nikolaus Kriegeskorte for seminal discussion on internet social media which inspired the study.	0
The top quintile of countries with connections is shown in Table 3.	0
Therefore, there is a need to evaluate and rank these indices by using modern machine learning techniques so that the scientific community could have an idea regarding the potential of different ranking parameters.	1
Number of neurosurgery-related publications with respect to the gross domestic product in billion $.	0
“Results and discussion”, “Implications, recommendations and conclusion" sections present the results and discussion, and implications of findings, respectively.	0
The independent policy and research center Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching maintains the framework.	0
These have informed the direction taken here but are not directly applicable because learned societies are not primarily in the business of generating research.	0
Since the minimum publication subsidy amount for a journal is 500 TL., the minimum threshold number of authors is equal to two.	0
Vlokh Institute of Physical Optics, 23 Dragomanov Street, 79005, Lviv, Ukraine, vlokh@ifo.lviv.ua	0
The Appendix provides a more complete description of the sources of our indicators.	0
This research illustrates the theoretical synergies of knowledge management, social network analysis, and scientometrics.	1
Despite the growing acceptance and prominence of peer-reviewed open access publishing in the biomedical sciences, few, if any, studies of the self-correcting characteristics of such literature have been undertaken.	1
The enormous size of the Web means that any study can only use a fraction of it.	0
We also found strong differences in international collaboration patterns within the LAC: co-publications were fewest from researchers in low- and lower-middle-income countries and most prevalent from research- ers in emerging countries like Mexico and Brazil.	1
Acknowledgments We are grateful for the support and assistance of Iris Chapuis, Isabelle Collin and Muriel Mioulet from the ESC National Cardiac Societies Relations Department at Heart House.	0
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.	0
A good example is Florida State University, which, in the first time slice at the left of the graph, has a high percentage of keyword occurrences.	0
Our study was a retrospective bibliometric analysis that did not involve human subjects and was exempt from the need for institutional review board approval.	0
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/ info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
Therefore, the main aim of this study is to identify the HCP in the Microbiology scientific output.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
In this study, we demonstrated that HCWs, working at the Middle East's most specialized cancer center, showed an underwhelming awareness towards the existence of predatory journals, were unable to identify most of their characteristics, and did not utilize precautionary measures to avoid them when publishing.	1
See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use;	0
The few weak associations that we found suggest that reviewing can be understood as a distinct scholarly activity that is different from performing research, which is in line with Ortega's findings (Ortega, 2017).	1
Until now we have not compared the two levels of aggregation.	1
That is, making a difference seemed more important for the research team than for the food industry.	0
The idea of providing something innovative and different materialises in ICTsR-WA, a tool that integrates information and communication technologies to contribute to emotional self-regulation mediated by WhatsApp through a didactic sequence that defines the structural and operational components according to the context and the information collected in the research instruments to create different, interactive, and dynamic activities that awaken interest and curiosity and activates all of the senses, since the success of education is the combination of cognition and emotion.	1
For articles published under CC BY licenses, you may freely distribute, adapt, or reuse the article, including for commercial purposes, provided you give proper attribution.	0
We also add to prior work on academic research performance by identifying specific resources that might help faculty publish given different levels of teaching demands.	1
The maps utilize "warmer colors and bolded fonts to emphasize concepts that are frequently used, while words that are used only sporadically are shown in colder colors and subdued smaller fonts” (Zupic & ?ater, 2015, p.	0
To the best of our knowledge, and as reflected in the literature reviewed, no such study has been conducted in India.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 9 times since 2019*	0
The views expressed are not necessarily those of the Department of Health.	0
Table 3 Dominance analysis for Publication rate and Top journal publications.	0
Despite the increase, research involving returned academics with doctoral education regarding their academic contributions and challenges in the local system is immensely scarce.	1
No grant from any public, commercial, or non-profit funding agency was offered for the conduct of this research.	0
Empty cells represent instances that are not possible according to the JIF definition.	0
All authors gave final approval for publication and agreed to be held accountable for the work performed therein.	0
This census adds to the profession's understanding of IR practices by examining specifically RPUs and, when in conversation with previous censuses of other institution types, provides a more holistic view of IR operations at institutions in the United States.	1
TABLE 1 Demographic features of the sample (the top value is highlighted in bold, with the percentage in the sample (8,554) and the corresponding number of respondents provided in brackets).	0
This paper provides an account of mid-level models which calibrate highly theoretical agent-based models of scientific communities by incorporating empirical information from real-world systems.	1
To the best of our knowledge, the vulnerability we discovered is the first documented manipulation of metadata that does not modify the underlying PDF/HTML article.	1
SFI implemented two different processes for evaluating the impact sections of IvP proposals.	1
The graph also shows the number and publication patterns based on document type and total documents over the years.	0
In conclusion, a new two-factor structured PPQ-r-C with 9 items has been identified through the results of present study.	1
Our methodological suggestion is very specific: we would like to capture the linkages between technology and science, especially the international linkages between a firm in one country and a research institute in another country.	1
Note that we have no direct means to study the actual growth of the topic on the Web.	0
The study was commisioned by the Ministry of Education, Science, and Culture of the Netherlands.	0
The distribution of graduate fellowships in the different fields of knowledge	0
Each batch of journals is named by the most popular words that appear in the title and scope of its members.	0
The method of decomposing publication time series developed in this paper may shed light on this challenging issue.	1
While most studies on research collaborations have used co-authorship on articles or publications as a method for identifying existing research collaborations, this study used a survey questionnaire to examine librarian methods and motivations for finding research collaborators with their corresponding outcomes.	1
First, it offers three new lenses for examining the potential bias of self-citation, namely polarity, density, and location of citations.	1
We use the terms “center” and “periphery,” coined by Wallerstein (1991) and included in his world systems theory, to express the different extent to which nations participate in the world economy, depending on their level of development.	0
Our final goal is to extract recommendations aimed at increasing comprehensiveness and standardization of funding acknowledgements in order to improve the subsequent identification of research grants and programmes.	1
The overlap of a cohort with the corresponding cluster can be seen in Tables 10 and 14 as matrices.	0
This study was also the first to analyze the severity of published errors within OHNS.	1
The sophisticated state-of-the-art methodology, the PVARX model, is applied for the first time in the context of research performance.	1
Baseline category = 4-rated journal paper with 25 citations preferred to a 4* journal paper with 25 citations (n = 1,154).	0
In this paper, we propose a classification of scientific journals that composes the journal category “Green and Sustainable Science and Technology" in the period 2014–2018 through the entropy-based disciplinarity indicator (EBDI).	1
To address this gap, we analyze interactions of researchers within and between institutions from millions of scientific papers.	1
* Corresponding author at: Faculty of Economics and Business, University of Almería, Ctra.	0
In addition, it provides a focus for understanding areas for informing policy by providing insight into research prioritisation, research impact and the extent of regional and international collaborations.	1
Here, we want to present an alternative reality facilitated by the free open peer-review platform, LIBRE (2013), and suggest specific actions that will help the scientific community move towards a more open and efficient knowledge evaluation and exchange system that divorces peer review from journal publication (Perakakis, 2013).	1
The most frequently occurring values for “relationship between source and target” in absolute numbers and in percentages	0
it is a means of claim by authors for the approval of their intellectual property.	0
This research was supported by grants from the German Research Foundation (DFG, Grant No.	0
This study was funded by a grant from the Office of Research Integrity at the U.S.	0
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
The research outputs have rarely been studied in Mainland China.	1
For this purpose, the current paper has provided an additional indicator: the number of HCAs per professor.	1
This study suggests that LIS practitioners appear to benefit from collaborative scholarship with LIS researchers through more citations and higher impact.	1
The author would like to thank An-Najah National University for all administrative assistance during the project's implementation.	0
We attempted to quantify the rate of respondents who did not perceive the inclusion of an honorary author (unperceived honorary authorship) and found this rate was high.	1
Our stance instead is that the value of the citing article should not be entirely transferred to the cited publication, but only in such measure that no individual citation (even one from a highly cited paper) be allowed to be worth above two, which is the value of two citations from uncited publications.	1
Our findings suggest that this model can effectively bridge the research gap and enhance scientific contributions in developing countries.	1
Consider the following example of a calculation as performed by ISI.	0
This is in line with the findings of a recent report by Adams, Pendlebury, Rogers, and Szomszor [23], which indicated that the growth rate of publications indexed in SCIE, SSCI, AHCI for Vietnam is the highest among 14 South and Southeast Asian countries during the period 1981–2018.	0
We put forth possible reasons for some puzzling omissions from these rankings.	1
In contrast, our study aims to provide a more comprehensive and nuanced understanding by examining trends across highly influential journals, mainstream psychological knowledge, and non-English papers (NEP).	1
The size of the nodes is proportionate to the logarithm of the fractionally counted numbers of documents.	0
While previous studies have used country-level indicators, this study leverages more recent developments in network science to account for endogenous processes inherent in relational co-authorship data.	1
Department of Physics, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Pohang 37673, Korea	0
Since this is the first study in American psychiatry, results need to be replicated.	1
To the best of our knowledge the present paper is the first to exploit observational methods to analyze the dynamics of cheating in a series of distance exams.	1
We thank COST Association and the Research Executive Agency for making available the data for this analysis.	0
The rates for both genera of self-citations are displayed in Table 1.	0
This article comparatively analyzes two manifestos in the field of quantitative science evaluation, the Altmetrics Manifesto (AM) and the Leiden Manifesto (LM).	1
Whereas most studies on academic publishing concentrate on the top of the hierarchy, this is a contribution from the bottom.	1
Finally, in order to exploit this scientific opportunity, the field of scientometric analysis may need to shift its focus from references to rhetoric.	1
The results for this major group alone are given in Table 9.	0
To the best of author's knowledge, this is the first bibliometric study in the field of nutrition and dietetics from Arab countries and does establish a baseline data for future analysis and comparison.	1
Contents | Author index | Subject index | Search | Home	0
Table 1 below indicates how the shape of the research assistants' Google Sheet changed over time.	0
We verified that Brazil is the only country in Latin America that is pictured among the most productive ones	1
From Departments of Pediatrics, University College of Medical Sciences, Delhi 110095; and *Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi 110 002, India.	0
Overall, this work suggests both the necessity to improve funding in this informatic discipline and promote academic collaboration inside and outside the country.	1
2006) and gastroenterology and hepatology (Karimi Elizee et al.	1
Their study provides an excellent inventory of advertising academia at the beginning of the new millennium and suggests how the field can advance.	1
Our approach has the potential to inform how the citation process could be improved, and what kind of metadata scientists should be invited to attach to their citations to facilitate search, discovery, and knowledge recombination.	1
Results from this study demonstrate the association between receipt of an OREF resident research grant and pursuit of a future career in academic orthopedic surgery.	1
We believe that the inventor bibliographic-patent-coupling and inventor patent classification-coupling proposed in this paper can play an important role in patent intellectual structure detection in the future.	1
Our moves between different scales show that assets are becoming a means to redefine higher education problems and what counts as a viable solution.	1
Received: 27 July 2015 | Accepted: 27 November 2015 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 17 February 2016	0
Two-sided t tests with a 95% confidence interval are employed here and throughout the paper.	0
To cite this article: Lutishoor Salisbury, Yang Tian & Jeremy J.	0
Underlined keyword descriptors are those that are new to each scholar's research program (as defined by a history of journal publications).	0
Specifically, this paper implements a systematic analysis by applying a complete process framework from data processing, analysis, and visualization to explore multiple dimensions of government-funded innovation schemes, regarding the leading government agencies, the promotor-recipient relationship, and the common concerns of different participants.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
In this paper we contribute to the ongoing debate on financial incentives awarded directly to individual scholars on a per-publication basis by presenting and critically evaluating the Romanian Program for Rewarding Research Results—abbreviated in this paper as PR3—which is a national money-per-publication policy that has been in operation since 2007 with the aim of improving the quality, impact and visibility of Romanian research.	1
Transparency in examining the record of ESA journals regarding diversity is one part of following through on this commitment.	1
Notes: Correlation coefficient between ranks based on article equivalents (45 journals) and (a) article equivalents (21 journals) is 0.972; (b) AER-page equivalents (45 journals) is 0.995; (c) quality-adjusted AER-page equivalents (45 journals) is 0.979.	0
2 Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Technology, Art and Design, Oslo and Akershus University College of Applied Sciences, Oslo, Norway	0
We derive exact conditions for positive welfare effects of mandatory data disclosure and discuss the conditions under which the transition to mandatory data disclosure has negative welfare properties.	1
The goal of this study was to measure the extent of the persistence of co-authorship collaboration of researchers and analyse the factors that explain this persistence.	1
Downloaded from www.worldscientific.com by UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA @ DAVIS on 01/27/15.	0
The inquiry provides an empirical estimate that approximately three years of training allows scientists to capture the maximum career benefits.	1
We anticipate that the bibliometric analysis will identify the trends in cancer research productivity and the extent to which cancer research is aligned to the local burden of disease.	1
One of the strengths of our article is providing rapid and direct access to tendencies related to topics and up-to-date information by making traditional bibliometric and altmetric analyses in the mainutrition field for the first time.	1
This study makes two major contributions to existing literature.	1
The authors thank Raf Guns (Antwerp University), Christian Sch?gl (University of Graz), Juan Gorraiz (University of Vienna) and two anonymous reviewers for helpful comments on an earlier version.	0
* For a colored version of Figures 5 and 6, please, contact the authors.	0
This article contributes to the sociology of science and emotion (Parker and Hackett 2014) by bringing together the two strands of research so far only little considered jointly: research on the affectivity of scientific practices and research on the government of science at an institutional level.	1
Distance courses offered by the university are administered separately, but delivering them has become a popular source of supplemental income for faculty.	0
Note that we do not exclude shorter papers published in ECA as "Notes and Comments."	0
To allow the comparison of statistics from both WoS and Scopus and to avoid the ambiguity concerning the designation of the citable-documents, we defined a “modified IF" where the totality of the articles published by a journal and indexed by the database in use are classified as “citable documents”.	1
Address: 1Division of Biomedical Health Informatics, University of Washington, USA, 2Department of Pediatrics, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, USA and 3Department of Microbiology, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, USA	0
Additionally, according to our knowledge, the evolution of terms and thematic analysis based on scientific landscapes has not yet been used in the analysis of literature production of JAN.	1
Grit Laudel is at the Research Evaluation and Policy Project, Research School of Social Sciences, Australian National University, Canberra ACT 02000, Australia; E-mail: Grit.Laudel@anu.edu.au.	0
This assessment revealed a collection of key information where interested researchers can acquire insights into the contributions of authors, institutions, and countries in fields of research in relation to expert systems.	1
Another contribution is the nation-wide data-set covering several of the main disciplines in academia which is lacking in previous literature on the relationship between conscientiousness and research productivity in academia.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
This paper discusses the results of a pilot project investigating Russian scholarly publications using the altmetric indicators “Usage Count Last 180 days” (U1) and “Usage Count Since 2013” (U2) introduced by Web of Science.	1
School of Economics and Information Systems, University of Wollongong, Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia	0
Based on our observations, we propose directions of work for the constitution of a semantically annotated corpora.	1
It is a natural phenomenon that plants generate and develop from their seeds.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Received 26 December 2023; Accepted 26 December 2023; Published 29 December 2023	0
Finally the paper has greatly benefited from the constructive comments provided by the three anonymous reviewers of this paper.	0
Overall, there were 36 countries that formed the network structure of international collaborations in Vietnam’s scientific output between 2001 and 2015.	0
Additionally, the effect of APC on publication time was determined in this study, which has not been reported yet.	1
It is interesting now to consider a more general, thermodynamically “perfect” case where	0
As this article is going to argue, the original UNISIST model (and derivatives) can embrace a specific understanding of a field which includes knowledge of and experience with epistemological and institutional aspects as well as – in a pell-mell – different social agents and actants, publishers, preferred publication channels, a variety of databases, archives and libraries, researchers, librarians and much more.	1
We deeply analyzed the age distribution of data, and used normalization method to correct the age bias of indicators, thus facilitating the attainment of an impartial evaluation of patent significance.	1
In this section we present the results of the analysis for both indicators, at discipline level first and field level then.	0
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2021	0
Date of publication xxxx 00, 0000, date of current version xxxx 00, 0000.	0
Secondly, it is the first study to analyze the marketing materials of academic ghostwriting companies rather than relying on self-reported data from students (Crook & Nixon, 2021; Eaton & Dressler, 2020).	1
Received 16 August 2019; Received in revised form 14 December 2019; Accepted 16 December 2019	0
This is, no doubt, in part due to the fact that the number of citations made by engineers in their articles is generally lower than in many other disciplines.	0
Having a complete list of a ten-year period of Estonian research grant funding and biographic information of all principal investigators (PIs) constitutes a unique resource that allows us to obtain a holistic picture of the operation of a national grant system and draw conclusions of wider importance.	1
We demonstrate that network analysis of large public databases can identify and quantify investigator and institutional relationships in drug discovery and development.	1
International scientific migration generates new insights into the global scientific network as it can potentially create a breeding pool for future international collaboration.	1
Our investigation found that both the retracted publications and systematic reviews citing the publication after the retraction was issued were more likely to be in JIF Q1.	1
Here we report our findings to draw the attention of the scientific community to these problems in order to stimulate collection, organization and analysis of data in a more transparent and efficient way which aims to accelerate the discovery of efficient solutions for the COVID-19 pandemic.	1
If one of the major tasks of any scientific field is to generate replicable knowledge (cf.	0
School of Social Sciences and Welfare Studies, Mitchell College of Advanced Education, Bathurst, NSW 2795.	0
In the other regions, the mean impact of the journals is much lower than that in Europe and North America.	0
Results are presented in general with occasional references to individual sites.	0
The use of the MST algorithm has helped gain understanding of the characteristics of disciplinary citation networks at three levels, including subjects, knowledge paths, and knowledge flow networks.	1
Li for program coding, and Qing Ke and Ludo Waltman, as well as two anonymous reviewers for helpful comments on earlier versions of this article.	0
In this study, we introduce a new journal ranking, which is based on subfield-normalized citation scores.	1
Such an analysis is, however, useful to determine this internal structure, as well as to describe the performance of university activities and to detect anomalies and inconsistencies.	1
This study also confirms that research publications from economics compared to other business associated social science fields have a greater tendency to be applied in policies.	1
This study further showed that the dataset that includes review papers produces clusters that are not as well-clustered as those produced using data that does not include review papers.	1
Additionally, we investigated the impact of international collaboration patterns on the population sample size of studies.	1
Our analysis shows that for the purpose of predicting a scientist's future h-index linear regression models suffer a variety of flaws.	1
The second provides new insights into evaluating the innovation of the approaches according to its research topics discussed in three-year cycles [2].	1
However, the proposed generalized Perry-Reny index covers all different degrees of this weighting.	1
For a general discussion of cumulative advantage in science, please refer to Merton (1988) and Price (1976).	0
This is an interesting question because the success of such an initiative largely depends on the persistence of its signatories.	1
The results of this work provide additional data, which support the idea that networking research centres yield better outputs.	1
This article fills an important void in the research literature by revealing significant ways by which organizational location permutates patterns of authored work.	1
Author contributions Marko Marhl: Conceptualization, Writing, Supervision; Rene Markovi?: Software, Calculations, Visualization, Writing; Vladimir Grubelnik: Visualization, Writing; Matja?	0
We, highligth in bold the lexical query sets modified by the application of the proposed steps	0
It is beyond the scope of this study to investigate what determines the gaining of promotion to professor per se; i.e.	0
This investigation shows that for the generalized field of nursing, as well as for our specific nursing faculty publications, Scopus outperformed or showed no significant difference from Web of Science.	1
The author declared no conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship or the publication of this article.	0
Copyright ?2010, Keiko Kurata, Mamiko Matsubayashi, Shinji Mine, Keiko Yokoi, Tomoko Morioka	0
In addition to positing the existence of the endorsement effect, this article will carve off a small piece of this larger research agenda by examining the relationship between changes in research funding and the legitimization and salience of a scientific subfield.	1
Categorical variables were expressed using frequencies and proportions; continuous variables were described using means/standard deviation or median/range.	0
If returning the proof by fax do not write too close to the paper's edge.	0
The ranked journal list had input from discipline specific peak bodies and academic institutions and is in a consultation stage at the time of writing this paper.	0
We thus offer here a new perspective and answer to this classic question in science and the philosophy and history of science by utilizing methods from statistics and empirical sciences.	1
Keywords Research assessment · Research and innovation policy · Classification · Literature study	0
An institution received credit for an article based solely on the affiliation listed on the publication.	0
The index i is a counting variable from i = 1 to i = n product categories, while k refers to a specific product category among the n categories, for which a price or other parameter is calculated.	0
* Excludes articles with level of evidence categorized as N/A (N = 122).	0
We first outline the methodology used in this analysis and then present our results.	0
We also explored whether the IS journals receive recognition from other disciplines equal to the influence of these disciplines on IS.	1
Interestingly, some positive countertrends were observed suggesting that success can be enhanced through the effective use of the specific R01 mechanism that supports team science.	1
The utilisation of bibliometric analysis can support the expansion of the frontiers of sustainable competitiveness, thus promoting the importance of investigating the interconnection among both individual terms as one of the avant-garde topics in the tourism context.	1
To the best of my knowledge, this is the first investigation on accuracy in a broad sample of quotations that took into account the importance of a reference for the message of the quoting article.	1
This article inserts itself into this churn by proposing a simple and flexible hybrid paradigm for guiding the analysis of scholars, and particularly those that fall into quadrants 1 and 3 of Figure 1.	1
One common way of conducting bibliometric research is to use the Science Citation Index (SCI) database to trace citations.	0
Recently her research activities have focused on science policy, universities' funding models and research productivity.	0
their more experienced colleagues) and of scientists working in less-popular disciplines.	1
Our findings, hence, are directly applicable to scholarly practices.	1
This paper has shown that it is possible to identify sub-fields within the B&M discipline by analysing the cross-citations between journals.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
In fact, our content analysis findings disclose gaps between the current evidence and the needs of dental practitioners and patients, and thus, well-designed high-quality RCTs should be conducted to fill the knowledge gaps.	1
1009) claim that many academics want to 'break out of the publish or perish cycle' but do not know how to do it, I propose tools that may be considered for publishing research transformatively amid the pressure of the capitalist and neoliberal higher education system.	1
Sir— I commented some time ago (Nature 378, 532; 1995) on the use of neem tree products as insecticides.	0
The next two sections of our paper provide a brief review of the literature on measuring the scientific standing of nations and an examination of the methodological shortcomings of the current approaches.	0
However, there are important differences depending on the selected indicator (Table 5).	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
To address this gap, this work combines a quantitative personal network approach with a qualitative approach.	1
Then the project intends to develop an innovative approach to capturing temporal, sectoral and geographic mobility in one tool, with flexibility built in such that the tool can be pointed at an institution, a country, a region or a set thereof.	1
We propose a backward tracking model for measuring knowledge transfer in the whole translational research spectrum.	1
The suffix numbers identify (the last two digits of) the year.	0
Examples of issues in US, European, and UK research policy systems include climate change, artificial intelligence, and economic productivity.	0
This study offers a new way of integrating SNA into program and project evaluation, focusing on the evolution and function of the CLS synchrotron in Saskatoon, Canada.	1
Of course, this complicated calculation is not necessary because the simple definition (Equation 7) is sufficient.	0
A new global research registry was launched in February 2015.	1
This nationwide Taiwanese study is the first published study that systematically examines the FAP policy for medical schools worldwide.	1
The development of such a scale will not only address the concerns associated with existing measurement practices, but will also provide researchers with a measure to compare the perceived prevalence of research fraud and its many constitutive elements across studies, between scientific fields, and over time.	1
Second, we examine whether journal ratings lists could indirectly affect the measured performance of women.	1
Figure 1 Cumulative total Spanish journals in Web of Science over time.	0
Predicted citations for the average article comparing subscription articles with author-choice open-access articles.	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
1 and thus further improves the accuracy and the robustness.	1
It draws upon a unique longitudinal data set in which scientists were interviewed in 2001, 2005, and 2010.	1
We perform a detailed analysis of these two axioms, thereby providing clean combinatorial characterizations of the research indices that satisfy these axioms and of the so-called step-based indices.	1
This paper examines scientists' perspectives on selecting grants by 'lots' and how they justify their support or opposition.	1
The research for this article was done as part of the SENSOR integrated project, funded under the EU 6th Framework Programme for Research, Technological Development and Demonstration, Priority 1.1.6.3: Global Change and Ecosystems (European Commission, DG Research, contract 003874 [GOCE]).	0
Section 2 provides the related work on topic detection methods and studies on topic evolution.	0
Unlike existing techniques, which use absolute citation counts to quantify knowledge flows between the entities, our proposed model uses a citation's context to detect knowledge flow based on important citations and non-important.	1
More specifically, the main objective is of a conceptual and methodological nature: namely to propose a novel methodology for measuring the dynamics of Europeanisation in research.	1
We did not conduct the UN analysis at discipline level, since the differences in shares of UNs are heavily affected by WoS coverage and by publication behaviors unique to the disciplines (Abramo et al.	0
This is a reference to Sci-Hub, which uses as its logo a picture of a crow holding a key.	0
FIGURE 1 | Publications are the result of grants being awarded, research being carried out, feedback from colleagues at conferences and use of research datasets, just to name of a few of the possible inputs.	0
This atypical peak draws attention, which is why we analyzed where it might have come from.	0
The two distinct forms of grey literature described herein require different techniques to obtain, but to date they have been lumped in reviews using a generalist approach, which threatens efforts and rigour of grey literature searches.	1
They also wish to thank Julie Caruso and Johanna Kratz for revising the manuscript.	0
It provides insight into the landscape, the research fields, and international collaboration in this domain.	1
There are several aspects of journal-level citations that, taken together, provide considerably more information than mean citations per article.	1
The analysis revealed that values of the h-index based on the Scopus database are typically 5–20 for researchers placed in the NRF’s C rating category (‘established’), 20–40 for those in the B rating category (‘considerable international recognition’) and >40 for those in the A rating category (‘leading international scholars’).	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Derivative analysis enables the “beauty coefficient” method (Ke et al.	1
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
Table 4 summarizes the studies mentioned here, excluding those in Table 1.	0
On the other hand T1 and T are constant over time as they are the averages over the time period considered.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Semiotica was excluded because the most cited work appearing there was authored by sociologists and psychologists.	0
The research is a first attempt to evaluate the practice of citation to major chemical databases in the scientific literature.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
Selection of the optimal number of topics for the entire period (10 years).	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/355499549	0
However, the role of discipline in relation to other contextual influences on transdisciplinary collaboration and productivity [12,13], particularly wider network factors, needs further study.	1
However, the impact of collaboration in oral implantology research between countries and how it has been influenced by the income status of the country has not been previously evaluated.	1
This finding is important because it contests common recommendations.	1
Author's Note: I would like to thank Carol Fox Warren, Instituto de Ciencias de la Educación, Universidad de Alcalá; Eugene Garfield, publisher of The Scientist and founder of the Institute for Scientific Information; and two anonymous Science Communication referees for their helpful comments.	0
If the framework of analysis proposed in this study is used to analyze the difference in perception and knowledge structures between stakeholder groups in the policy development process, it will be possible to understand the differences in perceptions between various stakeholders, as well as to resolve conflicts and problems based on understanding the differences.	1
By moving beyond predetermined notions and assumptions, we ground our analysis in observed policy citation choices of policymakers and discuss how their disproportionate emphasis on certain citation features reflects and influences policy adoption decision-making.	1
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2012, Vol.	0
As base for transforming subscription-based scientific journals into open access journals we suggest to consider an approach, which will be introduced here and which we have denoted as Tandem Model.	1
Perhaps too, we should take a lesson from our chemistry subjects as we try to point out what is important in this paper.	0
1 X-axis shows the score sums of topics assessed from the Authors Instructions of the examined dental journals.	0
These new scientometric indicators can significantly improve a visualization of research outputs usage and impact.	1
A logical way to reduce the impact of individual high citation counts is to use the geometric mean rather than the standard mean in JIF calculations.	1
Funding The author received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
It develops two new perfectionism indices taking into account the size of the penalty areas.	1
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Of course, data bases have also other criteria to include a journal, among which we mention: regular journal issues, the editing quality, the uniform system of publishing papers, the uniform structure of the article etc.	0
Unlike existing models of network densification, however, our model reproduces the heterogeneous densification of internal and external collaborations, and the non-trivial growth structure on institutions.	1
Yet, there has been no systematic study of offending scientists' abilities to return to their research efforts after being found guilty of research misconduct.	1
This article is structured as follows: Materials and methods section describes the study design, including data acquisition, search strategy, inclusion criteria and exclusion criteria and data analysis.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/347410267	0
This paper comprehensively considers the factors affecting the generation of MPA and enriches the existing researches from a theoretical standpoint.	1
In summary, our study demonstrated that ML ranked first in Asia in 2014 for the total number of scientific articles published.	1
Many studies have examined the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research by assessing citation impact.	1
The online version of this article has been published under an open access model.	0
We developed a novel methodology that enables tracking cluster's evolutionary patterns.	1
One of the remarkable features of the CSSCI system is that the exclusive searching function can help avoid the vast output of irrelevant results.	1
The present study's intent was to highlight the impact and uniqueness of African American scholarship in top-ranked schools of social work.	1
It draws on Southern theory which interrogates the global dynamics of knowledge production and dissemination.	1
The increasing popular policy that allows researchers to hand in only their five or so best publications seems in the light of these results counter-productive, as it disadvantages the most productive and best researchers.	1
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Jerry Chun-Wei Lin ID.	0
Sex Differences in Published Mass Media Research Based on the Number of Articles (1965-1989)	0
This research addresses this omission at a time of uncertainty for teacher education as a field of enquiry and programme of professional preparation located in universities.	1
Our goal is thus to provide the first up-to-date cross-country comparison of publication performance for post-communist EU member states, which we contrast with a set of similarly sized EU-15 (developed) economies.	1
Editorial responsibility: Penny Kuhn, Oldendorf/Luhe, Germany, and Lutz Bornmann (Guest Editor), Zurich, Switzerland	0
Our proposed framework containing two main characteristics of revolutionary science addresses this issue, and is superior to the mCD index which integrates the two dimensions into one measure.	1
This study was designed to ensure these publications in non-ORL-HNS scientific journals were identified and recorded.	1
Table 4 Rankings of USA research institutions ordered by total number of citations received (total global citation score, TGCS) (ranking in brackets)	0
Our study builds on these analyses by exploring authorship contribution for a larger number of articles and for individual countries within each continent.	1
More recently, Falk and Kilpatrick (2000) defined the concept as “an accumulation of the knowledge and identity resources drawn on by communities-of-common-purpose" [4] (p.	0
The present study expands the application of the hybrid approach to literature-based/related discovery.	1
, xKx } from one set and Ky samples {y1, y2, .	1
This paper introduces a new method to identify large publishing consortia as well as evidence of their research impact, use of alphabetical ordering, and broad types.	1
The purpose of this paper is to introduce altmetric indicators and combine with traditional citation indicators to comprehensively evaluate the impact of academic journals from the perspective of multidimensional and multi-indicator fusion.	1
In this analysis, I replace price with quality of publications because of its importance in evaluating research outcomes.	1
Accordingly, we construct a novel empirical model that simultaneously measures the effects of both supply and demand attributes on the likelihood that a proposal gets funds, as well as on the amount it receives if it is funded.	1
Section 3 entails the preparation of data, variables, and experimental setup.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The structure of this paper was remodeled on two previous publications [4,5].	0
number of papers published, which one could consider the real h(honesty)-index or the real i(integrity)-index, to the D-index.	1
T = total number of academics by area/university; I % = percentage of Inbred academics	0
See for example anecdotal evidence from Adrian Moore on generalist philosophy and pressure from the REF to focus on narrower specialist topics: https://whatisitliketobeaphilosopher.com/adrian-moore.	0
Our study thus makes multiple contributions to the literature.	1
Note: APP, number of authors per publication; AU, number of authors; N/A, not available; TP, number of articles; TP*, number of articles with author imformation in SSCI.	0
If this is the case, great caution must be employed in using citation indexing to identify narrowly specified topic areas.	0
Our findings also reveal the specific type of interdisciplinarity that tends to be relevant to local issues.	1
Furthermore, it provides a novel perspective to the body of literature exploring the mechanisms of research collaboration.	1
We start with a discussion of how we put together our corpus.	0
This study provides a timely exploration into how Italian university scholars use social media sites in scholarly communication by analysing the association between motivations to use these sites and a number of socio-professional factors such as age, gender, numbers of years of teaching, academic title, and field of knowledge.	1
Received 19 March 2022; Received in revised form 25 February 2023; Accepted 2 March 2023	0
This is the first study reporting the global trends in the research related to social media in the psychology field.	1
The authors thank Jun Wang, Qianqian Chen for their technical assistance in data processing and analysis.	0
Kravitz and Feldman are the current editors-in-chief of the Journal of General Internal Medicine.	0
2 The outneighbours of document A are defined as the documents cited by A.	0
We complement this literature by examining a reduction in search cost rather access cost where the previous studies focus on.	1
In this analysis, I extend the extant literature by exploring the other subject positions that academics occupy.	1
This study contributes to this discussion by investigating the correlation between 10 altmetric measures and citation counts in 9 social science disciplines.	1
In particular, we argue that synthesis centers represent community infrastructure more akin to research vessels than to term-funded centers of science and technology (e.g., NSF Science and Technology Centers).	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 64(2):405-415, 2013	0
Our proposed conceptualisation of originality lies between these two approaches.	1
This project quantitatively assessed ICMJE compliance and journal and institution-level factors associated with overlap publication.	0
In this Perspective, I will argue that creating new outlets for faster and more nimble scientific communication could have positive outcomes on professional training, catalyzing scientific progress, and improving the culture of communication within the life sciences as a whole.	1
As in our previous work [5], only journals abstracted in the AA database were processed [10].	0
The h_index command and hindex package which we introduced in this paper can be used to simulate the use of the h index and ha index in certain pre-defined environments.	1
Received 18 December 2018; Received in revised form 26 November 2019; Accepted 1 July 2020	0
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study investigating research output in the field of orthopaedic surgery in Australia.	1
Cross-disciplinary and cross-national differences apply but our study shows a powerful role of internationalization of research for both individual research productivity and the competitiveness of national research outputs.	1
The prevalence and characteristics of group authorships in Cochrane has not yet been investigated.	1
Eight additional researchers showed strong connectivity between their cluster and one other cluster.	0
I will argue that only slight modifications are needed to harness the potential of preregistration and make exploratory research more trustworthy and useful.	1
The objective of this study is to analyze NFM status and trends based on relevant papers and patents in the last 24 years to help grasp the context of global NFM research, and to provide technical support for science and technology development planning.	1
The RPYS-CO method (Haunschild & Marx, 2019, 2020; Marx et al., 2017) is an extension of the standard RPYS method (Marx et al., 2014; Marx, 2021), which enables one to reveal the origins or historical roots of research topics.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first published study aimed at identifying patterns of collaboration between health economic researchers in Sub-Saharan Africa, and also the first study to apply bibliometric network analysis techniques within the health economic evaluation literature.	1
One of the contributions of this research is introducing research complexity as a valuable perspective in evaluation or funding decisions.	1
CONTACT Nathan Efron n.efron@qut.edu.au School of Optometry and Vision Science, Queensland University of Technology, Kelvin Grove, Australia	0
After a short break, Dr Vella gave a lecture on Hereditary Abnormalities of the LDL Receptor.	0
These questions focusing on the change of the scientific performance of an individual are not fully addressed in existing works, to the best of our knowledge.	1
I had the idea of developing the h-index as a way of condensing all that information into one single number to facilitate comparisons between scientists.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature 2024	0
However, to date, SNA has not been used to generate rankings in authors' publication behavior in communication.	1
This is thus the first scientometric study of COVID-19 related to social science research performance, and it provides insight into the landscape, research fields, and international collaborations.	1
We argue that these results present a challenge to mega-journal publishers such as PLOS, who have viewed article comments as a potential forum for the identification and discussion of important or interesting papers (factors that are not considered during the peer-review process).	1
Our study supports previous findings that suggest the number of citations received is neither random nor solely determined by article content, but our results emphasize that authors may have more control over this process than previously concluded (Leimu and Koricheva 2005a, Vieira and Gomes 2010).	1
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
Our study identifies, for the first time, two mechanisms through which network characteristics affect multidimensional scientific performance.	1
This paper provides a formal study on manuscript quality control in peer review.	1
Based on our focus on academic research, this study constructed a research network using a combination of co-authorship and co-invention links instead of isolated co-authorship and co-invention networks.	1
Institute for Education and Information Sciences, IBW, University of Antwerp (UA), Antwerp B-2000, Belgium & KU Leuven, Department of Mathematics, Leuven B-3000, Belgium.	0
This study extends existing literature by investigating organizational mechanisms that shape "cycles of credit" in science and local institutional logics of authorship practices.	1
1 depicts a matrix showing the average citation discrepancies between databases.	0
Results from these two studies, one large-scale and quantitative and the other small-scale and qualitative, provide a much needed empirical assessment of IDR's effects on individual careers.	1
Editorials, articles on surgical ethics and letters to the editor were excluded.	0
It is novel in so far as it improves query-based methods for assessing ASEBDs and establishes those methods as adequate, fast predictors of the sizes of most ASEBDs.	1
Published under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) license.	0
Otherwise, a different criterion must be used for the paper, for instance to give the mark of the previous quartile to which the journal belongs this year n.	0
Additionally, the current study found that AP articles could receive their first citations earlier than PP articles.	1
Our results should therefore be read as statistics with margins of error.	0
The top 3 representative articles that fit the topics defined through topic modeling are provided in Table 5.	0
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
Department of Leadership, Higher, & Adult Education, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M4Y 1R6, Canada	0
The emergence of megajournals is a particularly important recent development.	1
We are grateful to Susan Herring and Rob Kling for their comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
While our study has provided novel information, it is not without its limitations.	1
This has implications for the way other mandates focusing on deposit in IRs are managed, both within and beyond the UK.	1
The authors DECLARE that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
The main idea behind the measure is that influence is not reflected solely by the set of citing papers, but also by the papers that cite them (the citing papers) and so on.	1
Although the underlying graphs are undirected (the relationship between two nodes is symmetric), the position of the time coefficient t in the description of a node (t, k) can be important.	0
The clusters in the legend are arranged in descending order of the total number of connecting among countries.	0
Department of Communication, University of Copenhagen, Njalsgade 76, 2300 Copenhagen, Denmark	0
However, I broadened the interpretive framework, making it more sociological: I identified anchoring effects at the aggregate group level and in relation to conditions of social interaction.	1
Typically, a ranking consists of dividing journals into subjects and ordering the journals within each subject according to a single citation metric or a combination of citation metrics.	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
1 Institute of Basic Science of Health, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul,	0
Then it is possible to conclude that the obtained results are in agreement with what is expected.	0
As the global expenditure on APC are probably exceeding 2 billion US dollars annually, it should be time to discuss whether the original aims of OA are supported by paying to publish as a business model.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 28 times since 2016*	0
The breakdown of these according to the different types of publication appears in Table 5.	0
Acknowledgements We thank Enago (www.enago.tw) for the English language review of this manuscript.	0
In addition to the commentators, Robert Fildes and Richard Franke provided useful suggestions.	0
What the present study does is to take the discussion further by examining not the topics and geographical focus of research publications, but what their authors read and refer to.	1
It is easy to ask the questions, but very difficult to come with solid answers.	0
Received July 31, 1995; revised November 28, 1995 and January 30, 1996; accepted March 27, 1996.	0
Table 2 Descriptive statistics by regional groups Source: Authors' own calculations	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
The x-axis shows the normalized rank of astro-ph postings in their respective samples after sorting them by cita- tions.	0
Downloaded by The University of British Columbia Library At 21:04 30 January 2016 (PT)	0
This improvement in classification with time is intuitive as with the progress of time, we collect more evidences about the SBs which lead to detect them more accurately.	0
The high likelihood of responsibility for open access training being allocated to libraries is an important finding, given that earlier studies have argued that librarians may themselves need more comprehensive training in open access in order to effectively deliver such tuition to others (Cole and Evans, 2014; Rodriguez, 2015).	1
Table 4 shows the results in terms of the main topics of the papers.	0
To our knowledge, the current study is the first citation analysis on the top 100 cited publications in the field of whiplash injury.	1
This approach revealed that the Central group is leading the cooperation with almost equal proportion of participation among the three groups.	1
In order to identify and ultimately reduce this noise, we analyzed the different citing motivations of examiners and inventors/ applicants.	1
This study indicates the need to assess the impact of papers published in meg-ajournals by topic-based category in order to accurately quantify the impact they have on their specific fields.	1
Special thanks to Paolo Zandegiacomo Riziò, who implemented the software simulator used to run the simulation examples.	0
On this basis, we have used the CRF model in this study, which can effectively annotate the sequential patterns in natural language.	1
Our model is based on the Bayesian model provided by Newman, which is designed to infer network structures [22].	1
The current study is one of the few that analyzed research publications on people at a critical age, who are under pressure to succeed academically and at the same time lead the social and political change in their countries.	1
However, the citation frequency of these documents and their influence on the journal impact factor (JIF) are not well examined.	1
This study developed an interlinked material flow analysis model in which the timber demand for wooden houses is connected with timber supply from managed plantation forestry.	1
In the light of our findings, we propose that GCC states should establish collaboration with reputable research-rich institutes.	1
The goal of this paper is to develop a method to predict how much influencer video ads lift product sales.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 23 times since 2006*	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA	0
This study contributes to a deeper understanding of age-related dynamics in scientific collaboration.	1
Please cite this article as: Youtie, J., Research Policy (2017), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2017.08.006	0
This paper draws attention to the importance of the sample selection, in bibliometric studies, and to the period representativeness bias associated with different choices to select the most impactful papers.	1
The journal Medicine is the only journal to date to have moved from being a conventional journal to being a so-called ‘mega-journal’.	1
This paper proposes quantitative measures of team power which open the doors for future studies.	1
An approach completely different from the topical index is to study the evolution of h with time looking not at recent performance but at passé achievements.	1
These developments make it possible to study the impact of research on the public.	0
Kaplan-Meier survival curves for months to second R01 after first R01.	0
The main conclusions are: 1, citation indicators play a central and multi-purpose role in scholarly communications; 2, altmetrics are not so popular or widely used, but ECRs are waking up to some of their merits, most notably, discovering the extent to which their papers obtain traction and monitoring impact; 3, there is a strong likelihood that ECRs are going to have to grapple with both citation-based metrics and altmetrics, mainly in order to demonstrate research impact; 4, the Chinese are the most metric using nation, largely because of governmental regulations.	1
Notes: Definitions of all abbreviations can be seen in Table 1.	0
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
All of them gave their consent to participate in the study.	0
We design an approach governed by smart contracts that enforces the required policies and transparently records the interactions.	1
Although the notions of research groups and research networks should be intuitively clear, in practice it is often difficult to distinguish and operationalize groups and networks for measurement purposes.	0
By analysing the need for strategic interdependence and the need for organisational autonomy, we contribute to the literature on relationships and alliances between researchers, and to the application of stakeholder theory to the research environment (e.g.	1
This paper has demonstrated, by means of four countries and two subject areas, that it is possible to analyse the relative scientific contributions made by women and men, and by researchers who have come from another country.	1
This interview-based study builds on our prior survey-based study by offering journal editors the opportunity to think and talk at length about their experiences of and views on TR.	1
In contrast to these traditional approaches, this paper assesses journal quality through the publication decisions of prolific finance authors.	1
The bibliometric study focus on international core journal publications on Ocean Engineering research worldwide and in China, attempting to understand China's research productivity in this field by comparing to the world.	1
Editor’s Note: This Manuscript was accepted for publication December 4, 2014.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to go beyond previous ranking snapshots, and to uniquely feature a combined application of the random forest framework and DEA, two established non-parametric methods, in the construction of the aggregate list.	1
Depending on the case step 4a or step 4b is taken.	0
Citation: Cabezas-Clavijo á, Robinson-García N, Escabias M, Jiménez-Contreras E (2013) Reviewers' Ratings and Bibliometric Indicators: Hand in Hand When Assessing Over Research Proposals?.	0
Our findings provide a comprehensive understanding of scientific collaboration in the geographic, social, and technological aspect.	1
Robust rankings in the form shown here are a first approach.	1
(Search terms with asterisks include all words beginning with the letters shown.)	0
This article offers an adjustment to the recently developed Euclidean Index (Perry and Reny, 2016).	1
Our model team science course cultivated community among trainees and gave trainees (the authors of this paper) the skills necessary to collaborate effectively across big projects.	1
The effect of the percolation probability, p, on cluster formation in percolation maps (25 x 25).	0
We also add a new analysis of the second-generation citations that cite the retracted paper's direct citations from both a network and citation context perspective, including a second-generation citation context analysis of 152 recent publications likely to spread misinformation from the retracted paper.	1
However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.	0
The identification of this challenge is not at all new, given that first mention dates back to the 1970s.	1
Let us now move on from these descriptive statistics to an analysis of the data.	0
These findings can also serve as a warning to the global open-access movement that is gaining momentum.	1
This study contributes to existing research in several aspects: Firstly, while quite a few studies have explored the impact of interdisciplinarity on research, the mechanisms underlying this impact remain insufficiently examined.	1
This study is one of the first in the lodging literature to provide significant implications for scientific studies via co-authorship analysis.	1
However, still nobody has developed a general bibliometric overview of the journal.	1
150) as a primary mode for novel revisions of history of science in New Zealand.	1
The proposed measure has an aggregative property that makes it scalable from a paper individually to a set of them (journal) without more than adding the numerators and denominators in the proportions that define this new indicator.	1
This is the first study to address the possible association between publication pressure and (self-reported) scientific misconduct.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
But no study has noticed the citation of correction notices.	1
This is an open access journal, and articles are distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 License, which allows others to remix, tweak, and build upon the work non-commercially, as long as appropriate credit is given and the new creations are licensed under the identical terms.	0
However, there is not many empirical studies concerning the investigation of scientific collaboration effects on research performance, paying particular attention to the role of knowledge spillovers between different institutional departments.	1
Open access refers to the practice of making scholarly research freely available to the public, without any financial barriers or restrictions.	0
In contrast, this study aims to extend the current literature in reverse order by investigating the effects of driving factors on acquiring key positions in scientific collaboration networks and explaining any possible gender differences.	1
This combination of techniques has not been used together in the past.	1
The comparison of the citation advantage between tweeted papers and non-tweeted papers at the journal level is necessary to eliminate possible biases from journal itself.	1
In the next section we explore the question further by analyzing the extent of average shift when university rankings are given as quartile classes, rather than given as percentile listings.	0
It is a novel and powerful tool that produces perfectly parameterized analysis, and is capable of revealing structural and dynamic aspects of scientific research [33,34].	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 4.0 License (CC BY-NC 4.0).	0
for the given topic T, and ti denotes the probability of term i for the topic T.	0
Science and engineering librarians, particularly those on a tenure track, are required to publish in scholarly journals.	0
The emergence of the disruption score provides a new perspective that differs from traditional metrics of citations and novelty in research evaluation.	1
Keywords Editorial boards interlocking · Communication sciences · Journals · Social network analysis · JCR · Diversity	0
Publisher name is listed where multiple journals were identified from the same publisher with the same ‘salami publication’ policies.	0
Therefore, this study attempted to identify a national scientific research system in a developing country by highlighting the national scientific awards in this system and its role in changing the researchers’ performance, especially as the potential impact of awards on productivity and performance is not yet clear (Lutter and Schr?der 2016); while some studies pointed out a positive post-award effect (Chan et al.	1
The plot shows that old IITs (IITKGP, IITB, IITM) occupy better positions.	0
This paper attempts to provide an answer to this question by proposing a simple theory to explain why research by smaller teams is more likely to lead to disruptive results than research by large teams.	1
It also provides continuity-related suggestions for researchers in inter-gender collaborations.	1
It is the first to address this issue in a subspecialty of the discipline of Obstetrics and Gynecology.	1
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 25 times since 2018*	0
The h-index of academic radiology departments is a meaningful tool that allows for evaluation from within and against other academic centres.	1
We reveal LIS education in the US in the past 40 years and show the trend of this discipline through a series of temporal analyses.	1
1 School of Information Management, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China	0
This novel proposal has emerged as a solid method to refine and update the SJR journal classification system for several reasons, as follows.	1
Compared to past research, this method allows for a more granular and empirical examination of how SLA has developed interdisciplinary relations by tracing flows of cited references.	1
However, no detailed assessment of publications on Orthopedics and Traumatology has been reported.	1
This changing landscape offers an opportunity for libraries to take leadership in this area and bring together the various stakeholders in order to determine the most appropriate approach to payment for publication within the context of the overall budget for their own institution.	1
Our result presents a trade-off between two axiomatic properties and reveals a dilemma of aggregation.	1
A systematic analysis of a top tier journal may address these issues by providing an overview of the important trends and themes in the research (Farrukh et al.	1
This work was supported in part by the National Science Foundation of China under Contract 61702009, and in part by the Social Science Planning Program of Anhui Province under Contract AHSKQ2016D80.	0
We offer a series of guidelines and procedures that, we argue, address these problems and others and provide a superior means to make the use of percentile methods more accurate and informative.	1
However, there is an important gap regarding the overall content of this site and how it has been used by the scholarly community.	1
This is certainly consistent with the communication-modernization theory which allows that while all sciences will improve their communications over time, there will be significant variation across disciplines in the rate of development.	0
Our analysis gives mechanistic insights into the dynamics of WNV infection and produces estimates of viral characteristics that are difficult to measure experimentally.	1
...the entire dataset indicates that no clear relationship exists between juvenility or maturity of authors’ careers and the impact of published SAAs, leading to the conjecture that the impact might rather be controlled by specific article related factors such as quality, novelty and the interest of the subject.	1
Comparison Between All Surgeons Who Obtained an R01 Grant and Those Who Did Not	0
*This is an extended version of a paper, which was presented at the 17th International Conference on Scientometrics & Informetrics (ISSI), 2–5 September 2019, in Rome.	0
Results are similar when using Probit models (see Appendix Table A5).	0
Citation-indicators were calculated by SCImago Research Group based on Scopus, rather than on Web of Science.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there is no study that uses this type of normalization to compute Open Access indicators.	1
To close the above gap, we used the historical bibliometrics to analyse dynamics of literature production, statistically identify the historical roots...	1
Beyond GEQR, the informetric dynamic co-word network method may also provide a new universal method for evolutionary analysis of many other environmental problems.	1
The findings contribute to international collaboration and knowledge-based view literature by proposing that maintaining strong domestic ties and a wide range of relatively weak foreign ties simultaneously is an efficient way to leverage international collaboration to integrate domestic and foreign knowledge.	1
This article examines the post-crisis policy of prioritization, its relationship with and effects on arts and humanities research, and how the notion of the benefit of research can be broadened while still addressing economic needs.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, no previous study has compared the journal coverage of Dimensions with Web of Science and Scopus.	1
This is a revised paper based on the paper, which has been submitted to the 12th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) & 17th COLLNET Meeting held at Nancy, France from 12 December to 15 December 2016.	0
(See Table 2 for a description of each condition and its respective options and value weights.)	0
Received July 5, 2000; Revised January 12, 2001; accepted January 12, 2001	0
In view of the regular changes in the citation numbers with time, the search findings on a single day (September 15, 2021) were used for the analysis in this study.	0
This paper contributes to the conceptual understanding of resistant and resilient, as scholars are moving to frame the preventive measures in the time of pandemic crisis.	1
Our study contributes to the literature on education globalisation and knowledge globalisation in three aspects.	1
The scale and the homogeneous way in which the telescope time applications have been reviewed at ESO during the last fifteen years provide a valuable database, which can be used to characterize the proposal review in a statistically robust way.	1
Their values are calculated for each year as well as the average value and the results are presented in Tables 2 and 3.	0
All of the authors of this article have reported no disclosures.	0
Formally it is not the panel that decides, but the ERC scientific council.	0
Microsoft Visual Studio and ASP.NET, and the server is the Microsoft Windows Server.	0
We are grateful to the members of the Moscow scientometric seminar for their interviews and to Daphne Lees for correcting our English.	0
Based on this critical limitation of existing metrics, we created a new metric of scientific output, the zp-index, which remedies this issue by utilizing the journal quality rather than citation count in calculating an index of scientific output.	1
New approaches, such as comprehensive book metrics, are needed to track individual books throughout their lifecycle.	1
We left the debate of whether or not English was the lingua franca of international scientific communication [GARFIELD, 1989] to other commentators.	0
Department of Software Engineering, Faculty of Computer Engineering, University of Isfahan, Isfahan, Iran	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
The purpose of this paper is to fill this gap in literature and at the end to answer at the following question: How much does the calendar influence the dissemination of the scientific research?	1
To fill this gap, we study the feasibility of utilizing LLMs as originality reviewers in zero-shot learning.	1
Table 1 shows scholars that serve on three or more editorial boards in LIS.	0
How to cite this article: Kim L, Portenoy JH, West JD, Stovel KW.	0
We have applied reverse engineering to calibrate the model and constructed the implied distribution of the abilities of authors for different populations of researchers.	1
Funding and COI reporting improved in the peer-reviewed version.	1
3 Division of Physical Geography & Ecosystems Analysis, Department of Earth & Ecosystem Sciences, GIS Centre, Lund University, Lund, Sweden.	0
The present study examines citation-based linkage in addition to text-based linkage to link disjoint literatures through a process called bibliographic coupling.	1
The work also presents methodological innovations and technical improvements to the existing bibliometrics literature—i.e., upgraded procedural inputs and novel analysis proposals.	1
Union catalogs uniquely concentrate information about large numbers of books.	1
This paper shows that open access publications in national languages can be central for reaching important users of research both within and beyond academia, including experts, private citizens, teachers and students.	1
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the article content was composed in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.	0
Acknowledgements We gratefully acknowledge the grants received from the National Natural Science Foundation of China (71974029) and from the Social Science Foundation of China (22&ZD194).	0
The authors acknowledge the support that this work was partially funded by the Ideas specific programme of the EU's FP7 Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development (Project Reference No.	0
Danilo Silva Carvalho and Lucas Lopes Felipe have contributed equally to this work.	0
Recall that eji denotes the probability that the reviewer training process of recommendation profile (i) results in recommendation profile (j), and that eij = ?	0
Authors, editors, publishers, research institutions, funding agencies and vendors can implement policies and practices to directly mitigate the inappropriate use of retracted publications in evidence synthesis.	1
In response, I propose that it is time to formally recognize a set of basic rights manuscript submitters should be granted during peer review.	1
This inconsistent and non-robustness of the IDR metrics based on the citation network has motivated us to propose a new methodology based on the co-citation network in the following section.	1
Therefore, this paper will use the maps generated by VOSviewer to conduct a comprehensive and systematic analysis of multimedia big data research.	1
However, no published data has analysed the development of academic productivity in conjunction with the growth of emergency medicine in South Korea.	1
No humans or animals were part of the study, and since open data analysis was employed, there is no need for approval from the ethics committee.	0
The MMR scandal in the UK may have been a painful example of this.	0
The purpose of this work is to make a contribution to this knowledge by studying the time evolution of the number of references per paper over a four decade period in engineering journals.	1
Conflict of Interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The matrices are used as the basis of the MDS analysis to generate two-dimensional scatterplots for the visualization of the between-object distances among all the fields.	0
Evidently, the two-way positive link between international collaboration and research performance is confirmed as, differently from female non-TSs, female TSs have a propensity to engage in international collaboration similar to males.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online version, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
With the help of Derwent classification (DC) codes to establish a coupling relationship, a new perspective of patent coupling analysis can be opened up.	1
Number of articles, authorships and percentages of male and female authorships in Psychology (Web of Science, WoS, 2009) distributed by Web of Science Categories (WC)	0
The current paper assumes instead that authors are more informed about quality than the referees authors know the quality whereas referees only receive a noisy signal about it.	1
This will become clearer if we review Web data mining as follows.	0
This is the first use of bibliometric analysis to examine the literature on nursing scope of practice.	1
1 As example for publications in the field of internet archaeology: http://intarch.ac.uk/.	0
The authors have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.	0
A blockchain-based solution is proposed to ensure that the ranking process is decentralized, transparent, traceable, auditable, and trustworthy.	1
The study renders support for self-reported measures while advocating for those that would capture all forms of collaboration and outputs, with significant implications for future studies in the area.	1
It is important to note two things at the outset, however:	0
* Corresponding author at: Department of Business Administration, Complutense University of Madrid, Economics and Business Faculty, Campus de Somosaguas, 28223, Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid, Spain.	0
Therefore, this article aims to fill this research gap by investigating the potential impact of the Streetlight Effect on PPPR and examining whether Open Access publications undergo a more rigorous review process2 compared to articles accessible through subscription-based journals.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
A-NWDC networks achieve a comprehensive and in-depth mining of citation relations among scholars in research fields.	1
Therefore, to introduce a novel approach to standardize JIF and offer diverse options for evaluating academic journals across various disciplines, this study addresses the significant limitations of the impact factor.	1
R. Rousseau for interesting discussions on the topic of this paper.	0
Address: MS 262-2 NASA Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, CA 94035, USA.	0
The contribution of our findings lies in our empirical identification of key countries providing and benefitting from talent flowing to and from Taiwan.	1
Mean values are presented, if possible with standard error of the mean.	0
The use of bibliometrics in this comparative fashion has identified opportunities for collaboration both within and across professional groups.	1
The Nobel Prize is the most prestigious and renowned research prize for outstanding contributions in physics, physiology/medicine, literature, and peace, and it attracts wide-spread attention not only within but also outside the world of academia and science (www.nobelprize.org).	0
The first contribution is a bi-directional LSTM-based feature engineering approach to classify effectively algorithmic-specific metadata text lines such as the achieved evaluation results for a particular algorithm, the dataset deployed and algorithmic run-time complexity lines.	1
Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
First, as far as we are aware, this is the first effort to apply the concept of network churn to studies of scientists and scientific production.	1
As suggested in the previous section, nurse authors may benefit by doing their own exploration of journal relatedness if they are writing about specialty areas that are not represented in Table 1, such as critical care.	0
In general, the best approach seems to be the combination of CIBER_address + CIBER_funding + Author_CIBER sets, because we got around 80 % of all possible CIBER publications, obtaining a fairly reasonable accuracy.	1
The present study provides a detailed list of the most-cited articles on sleep medicine.	1
(iii) In the reference map, logic-whose use in philosophy dates back to a much earlier period-is distributed in a more uniform way than recently encountered disciplines such as game theory and network science.	1
This paper's contribution to the early but growing literature on the Wayback Machine concerns the approaches we used to identify and overcome these methodological issues.	1
We recently proposed a self-citation index (s-index), which is little more than a modified h-index.	1
So far no study has been conducted in Bangladesh that examines the faculty members' perceptions and use of OA journals.	1
The five properties that we identify are quite natural for the problem at hand and lead uniquely to the Euclidean index.	1
Keywords: typed-link, annotations, citation, citation index, links into the future, similarity	0
Section "Results" continues with the description of the results drawn from different statistical approaches aimed at understanding the consistency of bibliometric measures and scientists' perspectives.	0
On the whole, considering of the aim of this study, DI is regarded as superior to this study, because it is more comprehensive, i.e.	0
The value of this type of exploration of author/article attribute space lies in not just confirming or challenging of previously held notions about collaboration patterns, but the large scale, both in attributes and observations, permits identification of more subtle and unexpectedly influential attributes.	1
WoS-Web of Science; NUL-National and University Library in Zagreb; N-number; Mdn-median.	0
In this paper, we propose the RelRank to measure the significance of authors to individual publication venues.	1
The Author(s), 2019, published in Vestnik Rossiiskoi Akademii Nauk, 2019, Vol.	0
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is the largest supporter of biomedical research in the U.S., yet its contribution to orthopaedic research is poorly understood.	1
The number of authors of a paper and their relative contributions are further complications.	0
Received July 16, 2011; revised September 14, 2011; accepted October 3, 2011	0
which can be used to facilitate contextualized and diverse bibliometrics (similar features are available in other statistical programs, such as R with the packages R2wd or rmarkdown).	1
To cite this article: Tolga Yuret (2014) Why do economists publish less?, Applied Economics Letters, 21:11, 760-762, DOI: 10.1080/13504851.2014.889792	0
Multicollinearity tests dismissed the potential for problems, since none of the mean variance inflation factors exceeded 3.27, which is below the cut-off of 10.	0
As an example, Table 1 shows the ranking list of Italian “large” universities based on Rji, in the disciplinary area “mathematics and computer science”.	0
We summarize our model-based findings about changes in ties in five points:	0
The basic information of communities in the giant component during typical periods.	0
First and foremost, we shed new light on the deceleration of innovation, despite the rising number of possibilities for discovery and increased research efforts.	1
Along with this novel analysis of the entire period 1996–2018, the longitudinal analysis below illuminates journal profile changes over the longer term, regardless of changing editors-in-chief or editorial board composition.	1
The results reported in this paper indicate, however, that with some minor adaptations and careful interpretation of the results the algorithm can be used to capture some important stylised facts of technical progress and the importance of single patents relatively well especially if compared to indicators based on direct inward citations only.	1
We define a new dynamic RAM as 5YD2 as “5YD2 = 5YIF/2YIF”.	1
Furthermore, there are few qualitative studies on how researchers and other stakeholders perceive and engage with RI education, even though such insights could provide needed guidance for institutions on how to develop engaging RI education and training, and incentivize participation- particularly considering the weak evidence base related to RI education.	1
Hence, this presence has and will attract international contributors to publish their articles in MJCS because it is visibility electronically [65].	0
This paper is organized as follows: Section 1 introduces, Section 2 summarizes the literature review, Section 3 discusses the research methodology, Section 4 presents the results of the empirical analysis,	0
The third section compares the development of economics pub- lications in Slovakia and neighboring transition countries.	0
In this paper, we propose a procedure of space transformations using matrix multiplications that totalize the input and output and allow productivity measures to be defined in terms of these totalized distance measures.	1
This is the first study to focus specifically on RPUs, making it difficult to report on temporal trends within this specific classification of institutions.	1
Results will comprise an up-to-date reference of the institutions investigating leishmaniasis in the region.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
In this study, we aim to contribute to the emerging literature on this topic by conducting a longitudinal study of women's patenting activities and examining the factors that explain women's patent productivity.	1
As far as we know, this study provides the first attempt to assess systematically the extent of lost citations in HeinOnline, although the phenomenon has been examined previously.	1
F, individual fellowships; K, individual career development awards; T, institutional training grants.	0
We refer readers interested in the demonstration to the reference quoted.	0
As for the future, we feel that larger scale studies are appropriate.	0
We use 14 novel features (including context-based, cue words-based and text-based) to train a Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Random Forest classifier on an annotated dataset of 20,527 publications downloaded from the Association for Computational Linguistics anthology (http://allenai.org/data.html).	1
To confirm or refute the earlier conclusion, this work will analyze a longer time series of 18 years.	1
In light of these considerations, the aim of this paper is to provide a large-scale comparative investigation of the relationship between topicality and impact investigation in RIs and SIs.	1
This medical core contains a significant amount of research that examined symptoms and strategies for transmission mitigation.	0
Due to the progressive growth of Sport Sciences from 1906 onwards and the lack of works analyzing its scientific output, the aim of the present study was to develop a bibliometric analysis of the Sport Sciences' scientific journals edited in Chile until 2014 for presenting its productivity and collaboration patterns.	1
The share of publications in different journal percentiles in proportion to the number of publications during 2000–2009.	0
To that end, this offers an opportunity to explore, research, and address the impact and issues of citing specific resources in the scholarly literature.	1
Following the above research flow, this section presents three parts of the analysis required to answer our research questions.	0
This study investigated the intellectual structure of hospitality research using an advanced intellectual structure analysis combining TNA and LDA that remedied the weaknesses of traditional intellectual structure and co-citation analyses.	1
For time series in the context of h-indices we refer to (Egghe, 2010).	0
In contrast we can hardly find comprehensive studies involving many Nobel laureates, many different bibliometric indicators, results from various databases, and comparison with top non-Nobel scientists.	1
It underlines the scientific benefits that emerge from improved gender equality	1
MEDCIDS-Department of Community Medicine, Information and Health Decision Sciences, Faculty of Medicine, University of Porto, Porto, Portugal	0
Findings from this study also provided evidence that some non-indexed OA journals were coded in such a way that could have impeded their discovery.	1
The presence or absence of a dagger (?) distinguishes members of the two groups of journals obtained by Ward’s minimum variance cluster analysis of the six variables displayed in the table.	0
All the authors declare that they have no financial interest in the findings of this study.	0
We also use random variations in our creation of artificial logs.	0
This is followed by the result section consisting of analysis of the citation delay and citedness and comparisons of the two publication point systems in between and with citation analyses of the same documents published by DIIS.	0
All statistical analyses described in this section were conducted using SPSS 21.0.	0
The number of workshop participants ranged from 80 to over 200.	0
We demonstrated the diagram of generating clustered journal maps on a dashboard to display an automated system for hierarchical classification and make the data clearer and easier to understand.	1
Raquel Moreno Nurse associate professor, Faculty of Health Sciences, Camilo José Cela University, Madrid, Spain	0
To our knowledge, this is the first randomized controlled trial on anchoring in peer review.	1
Our study adds to the previous findings that the altmetric sources that provide the most metrics are Mendeley and Twitter (Robinson-García et al., 2014; Thelwall et al., 2013; Zahedi et al., 2014) by confirming that it is also true at the disciplinary specific level, at least for the 9 social science disciplines studied in this paper.	1
The concentration of countries is even starker for PhD degree and current jobs.	0
TABLE 2 Scholarly books by publishers’ country, 2011–2017 (n = 31).	0
Dividing the scientific outputs in this research into two categories of formats and activities is a way to keep up with the developments of the university during five education-oriented generations; research oriented; entrepreneurship; Communism and improving the level of well-being and empowerment of society; civilization; and epistemology.	1
Graham White, Department of Political Science, University of Toronto, 100 St George St., Toronto, Ontario, email: gwhite@chass.utoronto.ca	0
Data were imported into Rstudio running R (version 3.3.1) and Stata version 14.2 software (StataCorp, College Station, TX, USA) from Microsoft Excel files.	0
Hence Mendeley readership has the potential to be valuable as an impact indicator for LIS articles that are up to a decade old, albeit not for the same type of academic impact as that indicated by citations.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: in Section 2 we discuss the relevant literature on aging and research performance, and in Section 3 we present the methodology for the current study.	0
Table 1: Evaluation of peer review-difference in frequency of scores 3 or more between submitted and accepted versions	0
This article aimed to simulate the new method proposed by the Brazilian Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel (Coordena??o de Aperfei?oamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior, CAPES) for the classification of Qualis 2017-2020 by tracing the path that led to the B3 stratification attributed to the journal Brazilian Archives of Biology and Technology (BABT).	1
Our goal in documenting our experiences and providing our resources is to make it easier for other big, interdisciplinary teams to use this as a scaffolding to build their own team science onboarding programs incorporating trainees to large, interdisciplinary projects.	1
For our study, we used data collected from a survey of authors, to get insight into some aspects of the publishing process that had not been previously investigated.	1
Meanwhile, DCCPs offer a novel aspect to examine indirect citations (co-citation, BC), as argued above.	1
Bar chart of top 10 journals' proportions in total paper count.	0
It has been shown that, as a result of merging different Affiliation IDs of the institution, the difference between the numbers of publications found by Scopus by "Affiliation search" and “Document search" can be reduced.	1
However, to our knowledge, no studies have examined how researchers’ future funding is affected by their participation in projects in which funding was jointly obtained by the collaborating researchers.	1
Phase 4 Anonymous survey to establish consensus and gather additional feedback on revised recommendations	0
As expected, there were overlaps among the records retrieved using different queries.	0
The calculations of three different parameters and the co-citation matrix are detailed in the following.	0
In all cases of disagreement, the third reviewer agreed with 1 of the 2 initial reviewers.	0
This explains discrepancies in numbers of researchers and CVs between Sections 4 and 5.	0
Ehsan Geraei, Department of Knowledge and Information Science, School of Literature and Humanities, Lorestan University, Khorramabad, Iran.	0
Our study challenges the taken-for-grantedness with which we consider grant writing practices nowadays.	1
The greater j is, the more contribution the analyzed unit makes.	0
This study is intended to decrease learners' plagiaristic behaviour in online assignments by providing automated feedback based on text mining analysis.	1
*Use of trade names and commercial sources here and elsewhere in this paper is for identification only and does not imply endorsement by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention or the U.S.	0
Firstly, rather than the context of developed countries, this paper aims to make a systematic investigation on the technological impact of scientific outputs produced by China, a developing country with a large number of scientific outputs but disconnection between academia and industry (Cao et al., 2013).	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 383794 []	0
The Sudbo case was an eye-opener for the Norwegian author- ities.	0
Received September 3, 2015; revised November 8, 2015; accepted November 10, 2015	0
This research was funded by the China Social Science Foundation (18ATQ006).	0
Correlation in number of citations by countries, WoS and Scopus, 1996–2007.	0
(2011), according to which researchers with top performance over national colleagues are also those who establish more foreign collaborations (the reverse is not always observed).	1
The bracket at the right of the project name denotes the code of the project in this paper.	0
In a previous paper (Tol, 2009), I introduce a formal test of the Matthew effect, and test whether papers that have often been cited attract a disproportionate amount of new citations.	1
The study also provides empirical evidence of the effectiveness of governmental regulations and financial incentive schemes in increasing the number of papers published in various scientific fields.	1
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
It can be concluded that the set of indicators was effective in the first approach employed in this article to identify the formation of scientific collaboration networks from the perspective of Innovation Systems.	1
Note, platforms such as Instagram, Mendeley, CiteULike, Pinterest do not contribute to an article's AAS.	0
We are also grateful for the useful comments given by the two anonymous reviewers.	0
Note that this exact ratio (80:20) corresponds only to one specific value of the power law exponent: a = 2.16 (calculated from Newman, 2005, Eq.	0
Third, studies differ in whether they measure international collaboration according to whether they have collaborated internationally or not (a binary response) or whether they measure the degree of international collaborations (a continuous variable, typically expressed as percentages or ratios).	1
This paper relates the use of research technologies to the differences in the institutional and epistemological dynamics of science, as it shows that only translational studies make an extensive use and contribute to the development of knowledge in the fundamental fields that generate novel research technologies.	1
As explained in the Introduction, this paper makes an initial attempt at a more exploratory systematic analysis of the nature and implications of translational research.	1
A novel element in our study is rule learning from text represented with semantic entities for explainable classification of research articles, based on their estimated research impact inferred from the citation count.	1
It also allows for an analysis of university performance in their current (2008) configurations.	0
1 User engagement functionalities and metrics embedded in a tweet example	0
The following Table A1 reports the number of answers received by country.	0
The contribution is based on a sequential mixed methods research approach.	1
Received: 8 July 2022 / Accepted: 3 March 2023 / Published online: 21 March 2023	0
To the best of the author's knowledge the present study has used the biggest dataset among all retraction studies so far.	1
So virtually all the papers in these two sciences are useful.	1
Since 1987, bibliometric analyses have been published on various fields of medicine (5); however, a bibliometric analysis of top-cited articles on HSCT is yet to be done.	1
Finally, this paper also aims to map and identify the conception and evolutions of traditional knowledge-based natural resource management via the technique of keyword analysis.	1
The findings and observations contained in this paper are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of supporting agencies.	0
Whatever the case may be, the current essay is a contribution to the social study of these ephemeral, yet substantive disputes whose emotional intensity is subdued.	1
However, to date little research has looked into the effect of abstract readability on the impact of RAs among the general public.	1
Ranking of Psychological Journals on 1977 Citation Impact and Acceptance Rate	0
Department of Information and Knowledge Management, University of Haifa, 610 Jacobs Building	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs licence (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/), which permits non-commercial reproduction and distribution of the work, in any medium, provided the original work is not altered or transformed in any way, and that the work is properly cited.	0
The present study makes a significant contribution by beginning the conversation about the connection between faculty status and the publication of articles in influential journals.	1
This is the largest published study of orthopaedic journal impact factors to date and we have demonstrated an increase in both the number of orthopaedic journals and mean impact factor over the last decade.	1
Our case study displays how in the following decade, it was filled in with specific experiences and practices, led to the redefinition of actors' understanding of European integration and roles in European research policies and, ultimately, to the emergence of original models of integration.	1
A relevant finding regarding international economists is that both lay prestige and academic prestige are high and, apparently, mutually dependent.	1
+ Part of the research which forms the basis for this paper has been funded by the DGXII TSER project 'Restructuring and reintegration of S&T systems in economies in transition'.	0
The reader's attention is directed to the commentary on this article, which appears on pages 981-982.	0
The evidence presented in this case study has strengthened the society's commitment to facilitate more institutionally funded OA models, enabling ever more of our authors to publish OA fee-free.	1
We would also like to point out the low number of foreign students.	0
Specifically, we integrated productivity as a person-covariate into IRT count data models (the CMPCM and a negative binomial count model) and evaluated four different such approaches against a simple IRT model.	1
One can argue their merits, but two things are clear: rankings fill a strong consumer demand, and they are not going away any time soon.	0
448 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2003	0
This article highlights an example of a prospective evaluation that has been developed to monitor and improve progress of the National Cancer Institute Physical Sciences—Oncology Centers (PS-OC) program.	1
We propose that the h-based 13-type publication and citation vectors can be used as multi-dimensional indicators in academic evaluations.	1
Lastly, we found that Elsevier, Wiley, Taylor & Francis, and Springer represented 48% of all journals, but 80% of the 25 journals with the highest impact factor.	1
The assessors are requested to provide a structured commentary on the paper, to grade the paper, and to make a recommendation as to whether the paper should be accepted, revised or rejected.	0
Ajoy Mallik is grateful to the University Grant Commission, Government of India for providing fellowship.	0
Future evaluation research can adopt our novel measures of translational science and evaluation research design in the assessment of translational research activities.	1
A key feature of this coauthorship network is the many small, disconnected components—most of the RCTs are conducted by groups of trialists with few connections to other groups of trialists.	1
An important question, which has hitherto remained unaddressed, concerns the consequences of changes in the composition of WoS's Master Journal List at the level of disciplines and disciplinary relations.	1
Acknowledgments This research was supported by Grant PSI2012-32903 (Ministerio de Economía y Competitividad, Spain).	0
Through in-depth interviews with Chinese biomedical researchers in Europe, we gained some insight into their perceptions of research integrity and the Chinese situation.	1
The present research used Scopus-based citation indices, including a composite index developed by Ioannidis et al., (PLoS Biol 14:e1002501, 2016, https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1002501) that improves cross-field comparison, to predict fellowship in the Australian Academy of Sciences (AAS).	1
The study adds to our understanding of the importance of international academic mobilization's contributions to science both at individual and collective levels by revealing the magnitude of it as well as the causality between them.	1
(These articles were originally accessed in Dec 2005, with notes on access added on 1 Mar 2007.)	0
Then, we develop model-based inter-rater reliability (IRR) estimates that allow us to account for various sources of measurement error, the hierarchical structure of the data, and to test whether covariates, such as applicant status, moderate IRR.	1
This paper is the first to highlight, with mapping tools, that his contributions are relevant to the international community of cosmic rays (as he was pioneer and leader), quantum mechanics and relativity.	1
All existing RAMs to date have been static, so two new dynamic RAMs are developed to capture changes in impact factor over time and escalating journal self-citations.	1
Future analyses of CDC trends, covering the time- interval 1995-2000, will hopefully provide more conclusive empirical evidence.	0
Note that snapshots constructed in the sliding-window manner only accounts for the co-occurrences within subsets.	0
The Emerald Research Register for this journal is available at http://www.emeraldinsight.com/researchregister	0
Overall, this paper contributes to the JD-R model (Bakker and Demerouti, 2007, 2017; Demerouti et al., 2001) by exploring resources that are most valuable for performance depending on varying job demands within the same profession.	1
The specific bibliometric characteristics of dengue research may be related to its regional specificity.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
dissertation data, which we believe should open up a new avenue of scientometric research.	1
Specifically, this work provides productivity rankings which reflect more up-to-date publishing, and extends the previous study as follows: by adding additional metrics, including the calculation of impact using the h5-index; a new “total quality” index; and an “influence” score.	1
We argue that there are two distinct forms of grey literature and that each must be considered separately in order to assess potential importance and an appropriate searching strategy for every review undertaken.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The main feature introduced in this study is section-wise in-text citation weights.	1
“Literature review” introduces the work related to citation polarity and paper quality evaluation;	0
2 CREMA – Center for Research in Economics, Management and the Arts, Zurich, Switzerland	0
With a network-wide comparison of Eigenfactor scores and download tallies, we demonstrate that Eigenfactor scores provide information that is both different from and complementary to that provided by download counts.	1
These findings offer new insights related to the brand placement literature.	1
This study describes the basic methodological approach and the results of URAP-TR, the first national ranking system for Turkish universities.	1
The combined use of some related methods could enrich the development and methodology research of the discipline, and the results establish a reference point on the development of IS research.	1
Up to our knowledge, the only article analyzing cross-country globalization patterns is Zitt and Bassecoulard (1999), published more than 20 years ago.	1
By incorporating appropriate link weightings into the citation network, the optimization ranking method on different datasets achieved superior performance in comparison with the original ranking algorithms	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 65(11):2331–2347, 2014	0
It reveals that existing scientometric studies deal with the association of a single technology with agriculture, while the presented study covers a broader perspective by studying the range of ICT technologies in association with agriculture.	1
In this case, articles were assigned using the corresponding fractions ([1/2], [1/3], etc, according to the number of participating institutions).	0
This paper is the first to document research productivity and impact in ophthalmology residents.	1
This study extends a growing body of research describing and analysing how accountability regimes influence public institutions (Lane 2000; Schiavo-Campo and McFerson 2008; Pidd 2012), and more specifically the role of performance assessment in the governance of science (Cozzens and Turpin 2000; Georghiou and Larédo 2006; Martin 2011).	1
A novel lineage-independent model to evaluate scholarly contributions is proposed.	1
While this paper will not answer these questions—the topic model does not provide sufficient evidence to do so—it is worth considering indications from the LIS literature and examining how they interact with the model.	0
We thank, without implication, Harry Recher, Helmut Abt and an anonymous reviewer for helpful reviews.	0
This article proposes a parametric approach for facilitating inter-metric and inter-field comparisons of citation-based journal ranking metrics.	1
Our investigation tries to overcome this gap in the literature, by evidencing the Italian context, which is relevant for its strong competitive level.	1
This study addresses this gap by mapping the MIOC's scientific publication from 1909 to 2020 to identify the main research topics it has disseminated over time, as well as its main collaborating organisations.	1
Saudi Journal of Gastroenterology | Volume 27 | Issue 2 | March-April 2021	0
The present study aims at closing this gap in the literature.	1
Table 10 may give some explanation why ‘concealed' pages were discovered.	0
Top-down processes while goal-oriented problem solving is called EFs (Diamond, 2013; Neisser, 2014; Zelazo, 2015).	0
Whereas the influence of the applicant's last name on rejection or adjourning an application is statistically significant, the effect size is small; thus, a small amount of explained variation is real, not due to sampling error	0
The aim of this study is to determine the sub-disciplinary differences of obsolescence on a larger scale allowing for differences over time as well.	1
So far as we know, the current paper is the first to address uncertainty of journal rankings, where the rankings are based on the invariant method.	1
Furthermore, we made a methodological contribution by combining both CV and publication data to form a unique and reliable data source, which enables the use of author affiliations in tracking researchers' return mobility.	1
Finally, a third conclusion is that Publons offers interesting information and metrics on the peer-review activity of their members and, just for this reason, this social platform may be considered a promising tool for the exploration of peer-review activities.	1
Figure 2 – A flowchart of the selection process for anesthesia papers	0
This article raises the awareness of university-sponsored supplements in high-impact journals and the issues of this new practice.	1
One or more of the authors of this paper have disclosed potential or pertinent conflicts of interest, which may include receipt of payment, either direct or indirect, institutional support, or association with an entity in the biomedical field which may be perceived to have potential conflict of interest with this work.	0
Observatoire des sciences et des technologies (OST), Centre interuniversitaire de recherche sur la science et la technologie (CIRST), Université du Québec à Montréal, CP 8888, Succ.	0
A full list of the variable medians and interquartile range (IQR) is available in Table 3.	0
Lighter outside curves bound the 95% confidence interval based on robust standard errors on the IRRs clustered by journal.	0
These distinct groups enabled us to assess interdisciplinarity within the groups and relationships between the groups.	1
In figure 7 I use the default value for the two parameters which control the size.	0
Furthermore, we propose and validate a novel metric that connects engagement with conversion.	1
More importantly, in addition to regression models being used to investigate the correlations between OA and policy impact, a causal inference approach was also attempted to examine the effect of OA on policy impact.	1
Section 3 shows the performance bibliometric analysis including the main authors, countries, publication, organizations, and funding agencies.	0
This paper has reported the first comparative study of the extent of these changes in academic computer science, using data from the Science Citation Index Expanded and the Conference Proceedings Citation Index – Science databases for the period 1989-2014.	1
Our results highlight the role of a region's absorptive capacity for commencing and conducting research in a new technological field.	1
The first attempts reported here, however, suggest that using the X-centage indicator to measure reference heterodisciplinarity is a coherent procedure that may deserve further elaboration.	1
The way KISTI applies its resources to publish JISTaP is an instructive example for other Korean publishers.	1
An attempt was made to contact the authors of studies that met other inclusion criteria but lacked this information.	0
The closed circles are the number of papers published in that year.	0
This article aims to add to the body of literature on the role of IDR to address complex social, cultural, economic, and political issues by empirically examining the relationship between IDR and the production of research that addresses local issues.	1
There were global contributions from collaborators in 37 countries and 178 institutions.	0
Note: With the exception of “Reader Interest,” Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
An improved approach to classifying research as part of a portfolio analysis would require a classification system where the classification terms are useful for setting research investment policy, where multiple individuals and organizations can implement the classification consistently, and where the cognitive effort involved in classification can be minimized (J.	1
Indeed, the recent Italian experience of research assessment provides one such ‘occasion’: the article reports on a large-scale exercise carried out by the Italian Agency for the Evaluation of Universities and Research Institutes (ANVUR) during two distinct evaluation processes...	1
Finally, we will propose a new editorial initiative based on a novel electronic tool on the ESC web-page that may further help to increase the dissemination of contents and visibility of NSCJs.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 54(7):594–602, 2003	0
Using this framework, we counter the claim that the use of bibliometric indicators in research assessment is pervasive in all advanced economies.	1
The precision and recall for the types of reference relationships are tabulated in Table 5.	0
Table 1 Indicators and weights used in ShanghaiRanking’s GRAS for the subject of Law	0
A key concern is whether department location effects are weaker in sociology than in the past research on the hard sciences.	0
2 Scott Carrell moved from the University of California, Davis, to the University of Texas at Austin in the Fall of 2023.	0
Examining scores that would be considered meritorious, we find that papers where the first author was male have higher scores than papers led by a woman, suggesting a gender bias in altmetric scores.	1
We therefore suggest a simple indicator combining both the presence and scope of international collaboration among men and women, which we call the Gender Difference Collaboration Index (GDCI), which is calculated as:	1
This paper proposes a co-word analysis method based on semantic distance and displays advantages for methodology and empirical study, but it still has two limitations.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Keywords: blog community; informal communication; invisible college; social hyperlink; social network	0
Keywords Integration between theory and application · Betweenness centrality Article path distance.	0
The study proposed a new method for assessing the originality of a paper based on the semantic network of its content.	1
The present study measures the correlation between vendor platform statistics, link-resolver click-through statistics, and citation data to determine if one source of data, rather than all three, can be used to reliably indicate high- and low-use journals and assist with making subscription decisions.	1
b Department of Urology, Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital, College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:203840 []	0
By including awarded grants, patents, and clinical trials alongside publication and Altmetric attention data, Dimensions goes beyond the standard publication-citation ecosystem to give the user a much greater sense of context of a piece of research.	1
This article describes an update and expansion of the preliminary 2015 dataset described in Data [1,2].	1
Third, the special section is devoted the analysis of research collaboration of BRICS countries with a clear visualization of the thematic structure of intra-BRICS collaboration, the identification of potential areas of collaboration from BRICS countries and the detection of influential countries in intra-BRICS collaborating pairs.	1
Thus, this article is interested in a scientometrics-based framework that can help journals manage their performance and expand the boundaries of knowledge.	1
* Corresponding author at: Faculty of Humanities/Information Studies, University of Oulu, P.O.	0
Table 4 summarises the originality scores of the selected 378 journal papers generated by Turnitin.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
22 conferences in the field of data mining are extracted from the DBLP digital library.	0
Figure 11 displays the density and value of sex to the authors' scientific productivity.	0
It was found that the log-logistic distribution which is a general form for the ratio of two correlated Pareto random variables, give a good fit to the estimated ratios.	1
With our framework and empirical analysis, we capture some of that complexity better than before by providing a broader view of the drivers of new field entry as well as their interactions.	1
Considering this, and differently from other studies on the subject, we measure the variation in research production during the pandemic, by comparing research production in the pandemic period with the expected one, as extrapolated from the trends, rather than with that in previous period.	1
When there was a discrepancy between the two researchers, a third person (HY) read the full text and made the final decision.	0
However, this estimate is very sensitive to assumptions regarding transaction size, and may need to be reconsidered should more data become available.	0
Additionally, we provide an assessment of co-authorship trends, which demonstrate a gap in cross-gender collaborations among CS authors.	1
We also than an anonymous referee for adding to the clarity of the presentation.	0
This suggests transmission of mathematics knowledge would be less influenced by linguistic and cultural factors.	0
We note that our goal is to summarize common policies within the field of organismal biology, and the inclusion or exclusion of particular journals due to the subjective assessment of whether they have a sufficient focus on organismal biology is unlikely to change our overall impression of equitable practices in this discipline.	0
This article aims to rewrite this corner of research integrity, arguing that organizations can directly commit research misconduct by the definition—and that organizations can and should be held accountable not just for failures of oversight, but also for their own direct actions to corrupt science.	1
No studies, to our knowledge, have assessed this issue in major oral health journals.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
We would like to acknowledge all the interviewees who shared their time and valuable insights with us.	0
In a parallel to the four steps, regarding step 1, the URLs were manually converted to site level, according to human judgement already explained above; step 2, no duplicates were eliminated as it was considered that they correspond to frequency of inlinks related to the external recognition of theses institutions; step 3, was not considered necessary because the link targets were homepages; and step 4 is explored is more details below.	0
In this paper, we present a comprehensive approach that intelligently maps research articles to IMRAD.	1
This is the reason behind this paper as it aims to cover the gap in the analysis of funding agencies through acknowledgments in papers.	1
This allows us to draw some conclusions about the cultural change within the academic economics profession and the scientific community of economists within the German Economic Association.	1
We also constructed the compound rhythm indicator P?+αR?, which reflects a scientist's academic career rhythm, including two aspects: academic productivity and academic influence.	1
Note: A complete list of the Adjusted, Complete and Straight Counts of Publications Output of LIS Researchers in South Africa is available on request.	0
For example, peer review and research-funding indicators are sometimes used for research evaluation (Geisler, 2000; Moed, 2005), and article title-word co-occurences can be used for relational analyses (Leydesdorff, 1989, 1997).	0
Trend analysis of journal metrics: a new academic library service?	1
In addition, it can also provide fresh insights about the influencing factors that can lead to greater use of universities' digital platforms as the channels for improving and facilitating access to scientific information for their different stakeholders.	1
No research is done in modeling a constraint domain like tobacco regulations yet.	1
The results show the efficacy of PAFit as an accurate method to assess PA and author fitness in complex temporal networks in scientific disciplines.	1
Frequency distribution of productivity of all authors in mathematical logic in terms of the number of special areas dealt with	0
The linear chart in Figure 1 shows the scientific publishing presentation of the 6 most productive countries.	0
Here we have proposed a different strategy where conflicting recommendations are resolved not by asking a third adjudicating reviewer for his recommendation as is usual editorial praxis, but rather by using more information from the available judges.	1
Downloaded from http://jac.oxfordjournals.org/ at SUNY Health Science Center at Brooklyn - Medical Research Library on March 17, 2015	0
Therefore, our multidisciplinary study combines complex networks, node importance identification, vulnerability analysis, and ecology.	1
The task is onerous because some authors, during different times in their careers, represent themselves with different name variations.	0
Change has always been commonplace in academic libraries, but the changes experienced by academic librarians over the past decade remain unprecedented.	0
These factors are shown in Figure 2 and labeled as F1, F2, F3, F4, F5, and F6.	0
This journal is published by the University Library System of the University of Pittsburgh as part of its D-Scribe Digital Publishing Program and is cosponsored by the University of Pittsburgh Press.	0
We thank M Cherif, F Dargent, G Fussmann, M Pedruski, F Perez-Jvostov, S Portalier, C Tadiri, and Z Taranu for their assistance with data collection, as well as G Fussmann and B McGill for comments on previous drafts of this manuscript.	0
This study demonstrates that the publication requirements for PhD students in natural sciences, social sciences, and medicine have experienced a notable increase since the 2000s.	1
We conclude that funders and researchers should prioritize direct inter-country African collaborations to improve the resilience of African research networks.	1
These findings have elucidated our understanding of the meaning of the subjective reputation data which feed into rankings systems, which are themselves so influential in determining reputational perception (Williams and Van Dyke 2007).	1
dRank is a binary variable representing the academic rank of faculty and with lecturer as the reference category.	0
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: in Section 2, the description of two layers (referred as α- and β-layer) and the construction process of the two-layer network model are presented.	0
The aim of this section is to show how seasonal influences and academic cycles and other factors may affect monthly full text downloads made by users from particular institutions or countries.	0
But the article's main focus is on the successor to the peer review of practice, the peer review of myth, with no imperfections at all.	1
Unlike existing studies we have chosen to analyse all orthopaedic journals irrespective of the language or country published.	1
This next section will cover why the MMM errors in the 1970s in the USA were questioned.	0
Advantages of using structured notations are highlighted, since they provide unique identification of grants, improve the comprehensiveness and normalization of funding data, facilitate automatic data processing and could be compatible with global grant identifiers.	1
As such this study aimed to directly converge sources of FC feedback from both the funder and applicant perspectives.	1
This is one of the first attempts to focus on the relationship of author characteristics to conference papers.	1
Section 2 provides a brief overview of prior literature examining the impact of BB68.	0
In the following text, the source publication that was cited is denominated as ‘citation recipient’.	0
This research is the first attempt to map and compare the structure and translation of knowledge about specific types of nanotechnologies applied to cancer.	1
To our knowledge, this study is the first to explore the role of PIIT within a TPB framework that examines the researchers' intention to publish OA.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
We used Wald tests (B/standard error for Ho: B = 0) to test the statistical significance of the parameters.	0
The orange and green curves represent the diversity of subfields considering the number of papers and number of citations in PRD subfields, respectively	0
In contrast to studies that provide figures on general indicators such as publication output, citations or funding, we bring a spatial element into the picture, based on the premise that forest science is likely to be most needed in countries and regions endowed with forest cover.	1
These initial findings call for more refined research on citation patterns based on different notions of proximity, opening up a new, theoretically informed research program in the (quantitative) studies of science, which can also leverage past research on proximity in innovation studies (Balland et al., 2015).	1
But our results are derived from an analysis across the disciplines, rather than from a specific group of disciplines.	1
Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM)–CERMES3, Université Paris V, Sorbonne Paris Cité, Paris, France	0
A: Citations used by Thomson Scientific-ISI to calculate the impact factor (CIF).	0
In this study, we innovatively designed the comprehensive impact (CI), which combined social media and citation indicators to describe the comprehensive index of a published paper.	1
The proposed method produces the structure of the target field, the communities of the research sub-fields, and their representative keywords.	1
This article aims to present the methodology of knowledge-based networks, a method that uses both a bibliometric and scientometric approach from Innovation Systems perspective and with the scope of the Social Network Analysis—Collaborative Networks— applied to the case of bioenergy, in particular, for the production of second-generation ethanol.	1
From a theoretical perspective, a clear disciplinary relationship research path was found in the interdisciplinary scientific collaboration in a research field.	1
Our findings about outcomes from the NIH CRTP provide career outcomes for a cohort of program graduates who have completed all of their training, post professional school.	1
*We thank Randall Akee, Jason Faberman, Mark Harrison, Ken Hendricks, Andrea Ichino, Lawrence Kahn, Arthur Markman, Gerald Oettinger, James Pennebaker, the late James Ragan, Joe Stone, Mark Walker, two referees, and participants in seminars at several universities and IZA.	0
Research—pursuit of new knowledge and its dissemination—is the soul of academia.	0
In Sections 3 and 4, an empirical study undertaken to test these arguments is reported.	0
Sampled researchers authored papers with an average of 1.8 colleagues at the beginning of their career (1980), while they collaborated with about 3 colleagues per paper during the evening of their careers (2011).	0
We are also contributing to a third less developed research agenda, studies of gender differences in motivations for choosing aims and type of research.	1
There are, however, permanent debates on the appropriateness of GF for characterizing the measure of impact of information published in journals (Gl?nzel & Moed, 2002).	0
We have mainly drawn attention to the easy accessibility of modern documentation systems and their possible use for science policy studies.	0
Received: 25 September 2020 / Accepted: 15 February 2021 / Published online: 6 March 2021	0
Instead, much of the literature seeks to rank journals or to explore publication trends.	0
It seems then, that everything is in order in this respect.	0
Funding: The authors declared that this study has received no financial support.	0
There might be collaboration between authors and cross-authorship, thus some articles may have been counted more than once.	0
182 Archives of Iranian Medicine, Volume 10, Number 2, April 2007	0
This study aims to identify factors that may positively or negatively affect research productivity in each discipline, thereby identifying areas of improvement and potential gaps, to enhance the quantity and quality of research output in the school and improve the university’s performance on a larger scale.	1
Using scientometric concepts, small group theory, organizational ecology, and process-based organizational theory, we developed a life cycle based theoretical model for analyzing long-term development of research groups and institutes.	1
Paper presented at the Fourth International Conference on Bibliometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics in Berlin (Germany), September 11-15, 1993	0
The study of the scaling relationship between degree centrality and citation-based performance will add information on the preferential attachment properties observed in the MIS scientific community.	1
While randomized control experiments are still the gold standard, this research shows that it is possible to leverage existing administrative data to infer causality with respect to federal policy.	1
All continuous variables are reported as median (interquartile range) and statistical significance was defined at the p < 0.05 level unless otherwise mentioned.	0
Contrary to the existing literature, we look directly at the citations of the faculty members as a measure of academic performance and avoid the classification of journals.	1
Correlation between age and academic degree and Use of Sci-Hub questions.	0
Building upon comparative data from 11 countries, our study provides a complex analysis on gender bias in production, citation, and usage (i.e., views) among the most prolific scholars in communication studies.	1
Our analyses, using multiple techniques, provide substantial evidence that a constrained model where reference substitutions are limited to a local (disciplinary) network reduces model misspecification compared to the unconstrained model that uses the global network (WoS).	1
Hence, we aim to fill this gap by focusing on the research productivity of nations in accounting and management domains.	1
Q25, Q50, and Q75 are the percentiles, which are the lower quarter, half quarter, and three-quarters, respectively	0
In this table, we consider only countries with a population between one-half and two times the one of France, and with a GDP per capita between one-half and two times France.	0
Based on Juchem, Schl?gl, and Stock (2006) and Haustein (2012), a framework of five dimensions of journal evaluation has been applied, in which each contains several metrics to analyse scientific periodicals from various perspectives, i.e.	1
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://about.jstor.org/terms	0
One of the strengths of this study is its design, established to favor comparison of the quality of studies in a single journal across the period analyzed, as well as between quartiles of different areas of JCR knowledge.	1
Closely following the analysis approach used for similar studies in the economics and finance literature, we present the first study to examine if there exists an empirical regularity in the bibliometric patterns of research productivity in the organizational behavior (OB) and human resource management (HRM) literature.	1
bResource and Energy Economics used to be called Resources and Energy.	0
There is a need for an easy methodology to use for a single integrated analysis of data from many sources rather than just the Web of Science or Scopus.	1
In this study we propose a novel concept Wikiometrics – the derivation of metrics and indicators from Wikipedia.	1
The following specifications demonstrate that results are not sensitive to using alternative measures of the two shocks.	0
Thus, in this paper, we propose industrial distance as an index to measure the difference of the degree of industrial participation between countries and explore how it influences the international collaboration in AI.	1
The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-014-1385-5) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The concept of "altmetrics” (referring to nontraditional alternative article-level metrics) was coined in 2010 in reference to new metrics that seek to capture the online "buzz" regarding individual articles as a measure of impact (1,14).	1
Importantly, this analysis is time sensitive, as in a previous analysis with only a short post-flipping period to analyze, we could not elucidate to the open access advantage that we have shown in this study.	1
The average in the current paper (151%) shows that there is a substantial and widespread early citation advantage for Microsoft Academic in comparison to Scopus.	1
However, none of these studies has analyzed the area of business & economics as a whole.	1
With expanding efforts contributing to wind tunnel field, the development and characteristics of the high impact research were still not clear and have not been evaluated.	1
Differences were tested with the Mann-Whitney U test and indicated by lines between the bars.	0
This information is open for the users to share with the community.	0
For this purpose all multiple affiliations outside the focus country are excluded and only affiliations within each of the three countries considered.	0
Whatever precipitated this change in the subject category, many of the new titles (particularly those with some of the highest impact factors) emphasized quantitative and experimental information science research, including: MIS Quarterly, International Journal of Geographical Information Science, Information Research, Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association, and Information & Management.	0
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Bureau of Economic Research.	0
This last point is distinguished as our most important finding.	1
Roland Waast is a senior researcher at IRD (Institut de Recherches pour le Développement, Paris), Research Unit UMR 201 (Development and Societies, IRD_University of Paris 1-Sorbonne).	0
We conclude with a set of normalized rankings that adjust for differences in faculty size.	0
This study suggests a modification to Bretag et al.'s (Int J Educ Integr 7, 2011) exemplary academic integrity model, introducing “Technological Explicitness” — emphasizing the need to include explicit guidelines about new technologies in academic integrity policies.	1
Half of these goals require little elaboration; however, some background materials on citation classics and an elaboration of goals 3, 4, and 5 is provided.	0
Parts of this work are supported by National Science Council under the grant number NSC102-2410-H-002-203.	0
Then the importance of CME and its difficulty were pointed out.	0
We employ a new method to analyze the current pecking order of finance journals.	1
In this article, China refers to mainland China, including Hong Kong and Macau.	0
First, we examined every internationally publishing Polish male and female scientist and the entirety of internationally visible (Scopus-indexed) Polish academic knowledge production for a decade (2009–2018).	1
These journals were selected based on their Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) impact factors for the year 2003, as reported by ISI Journal Citation Reports (Thompson Scientific, Philadelphia, PA).	0
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
To quantify this risk of failure, this study calculates the failure probabilities, taking advantage of the lognormal distribution of citations.	1
Figure 1 illustrates the distribution of h-index, g-index and ar-index according to the Iranian Epidemiologists’ academic ranking.	0
This modification can enhance the characterisation of a national or regional profile, so as to detect efficiency in terms of specialisation/innovation, in a field within the overall context of research output.	1
The salaries of Dr von Elm and Mrs Poglia were provided and the study was funded by grant N-3200-064800.01/1 from the Swiss National Science Foundation.	0
There was a tie in the top twenty, resulting in 21 total authors.	0
A joint statement by three scientific academies requests that bibliometric numbers should be avoided in evaluations, especially for early stage researchers [83].	1
Table 2 THE INSTITUTIONS WHOSE MARKETING FACULTIES RECEIVED THE MOST CITATIONS PER FACULTY MEMBER (1972-1975)	0
Using a unique database, in this article, we analysed the function of KP in the Brazilian HIS.	1
Then we design an amended K2 algorithm for Bayesian network structure learning to handle the situation that no strict sort exists among factors.	1
Author contributions WW: Processed the experimental data, performed the analysis, Contribution to the overall paper, Other contribution.	0
Clinical translation intensity is a novel dimension to evaluate the social impact of papers.	1
Therefore, this study proposes a network-embedding-based coauthorship prediction pipeline.	1
Extracts from qualitative responses quoted below have been lightly edited, for instance to correct typographical errors.	0
denotes a possible shift with respect to the year of publication.	0
Note that we have used the term 'law', although 'function' or 'statistical regularity' is, strictly speaking, more appropriate.	0
Conflict of interest We have no relevant conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
We hypothesize that reviewer interest in a manuscript may serve as a predictor of the potential citations an article will receive, and could be one of many mechanisms behind the editorial delay-eventual citation relationship.	1
Received 7 March 2024; Received in revised form 2 June 2024; Accepted 12 June 2024	0
The use of a honey pot to detect cheating in an online exam is a novel aspect of this study.	1
Other than the study by Mêgnigbêto (2013b), as far as could be detected, there is a lack of a systematic and comprehensive study on research collaboration in Ghana.	1
Given this, our research contributes to the research regarding the appropriate choice of weightings in regard to textual/citation-based hybrid similarity values on the article level and consequently to the general debate about the best similarity measures.	1
The bibliographic analysis is a novel, easy, and exciting way to summarize information related to publications and citations published in a target journal.	1
This paper has examined how societally targeted funding shapes research towards the achievement of societal objectives.	1
However, there has been no detailed, bibliometric examination of Pediatric Surgery training programs.	1
The jewel in the crown of research is this original citation pattern, which while standing on the shoulders of giants, makes evident what is not, actively manipulates and organizes existing statements, applies new rules of discourse, and creates novel and interesting findings that grow the knowledge of our disciplines.	1
A better explanation of the drivers of global science combines (1) flat open networked relations with (2) the inequalities and closures shaped by global hegemony, arbitrarily modified by (3) national governments and specific resources.	1
Excluded: CNR authors not identified by gender (n = 1.065) CNR duplicated authors (n = 4.653)	0
Received: 16 February 2004 / Accepted: 13 September 2004/Published online: 3 December 2004	0
Our study uniquely delves into the differentiation between national science produced by domestic researchers and international science involving cross-border research collaboration at the discipline level.	1
Of the top 100 most-cited articles in the imaging literature, 87% were published from 1990 to the present.	1
It presents a simple adaptation of the algorithm that takes on board important points of critique.	1
However, no large-scale studies at the publication level have been carried out yet.	1
Not much is known about whether the decision to post preprints varies in different regions of the world.	1
To our knowledge, literatures about the assessment of the demand of a journal are reported little.	1
A remarkable gap in research on peer review is that the attempts of journals to shape peer review have been largely ignored so far.	1
To show the developing trends of the journal, help readers understand the internal rule and relationship of journal literature, and learn the development and research status in domestic psychology research, 1 we drew a knowledge map to analyze the literature published in Advances in Psychological Science based on the methods of bibliometrics.	1
Received: 25 March 2022 / Accepted: 19 April 2023 / Published online: 13 May 2023	0
Johnson ("Bob l'Apache") for his precious help with the English style of this work.	0
As the study focuses on the different areas and facets of research, it will enable professionals to identify the areas of gender bias and work toward resolving the issue.	1
This study expanded the application range of single journal analysis.	1
We use self-citations as an indicator of a paper's intrinsic importance, reasoning that the authors' likelihood of later citing their own paper depends on its content, not on its title.	1
The results of bivariate analyses between the study variables and self-citation frequency are summarized in Table 2.	0
The first study to examine transparency of retraction notices and adherence to COPE retraction guidelines by a single publisher.	1
This article upscaled Schubert's (2012a) experiments with a dataset of a million computer scientists.	1
We thank Chris Barrett, Tilman B?rgers, Todd Kuethe, James Morley, Larry Samuelson, Joel Sobel for their thoughtful comments and discussion; we thank Sascha Becker and Lionel Page for valuable discussion on a social platform (Twitter: @geo_diverse).	0
The majority of authors are mainly from universities in western countries; however, numerous productive authors are from Hong Kong Polytechnic University, which is a potential forerunner of SCM research.	0
Evolution of average weighted number of national and international publications, IF per article, number of citations, authors, and centers.	0
Competing interests: The author has declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Received September 17, 2013; Accepted November 13, 2013; Published December 31, 2013	0
As shown schematically in Figure 6A, our first attempt used a dual frame window.	0
Ale Ebrahim is with the Research Support Unit, Centre for Research Services, University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur.	0
Pastore, 1, 16132, Genoa, Italy, tel: +39 010 353 8133; fax: +39 010 505618; e-mail: durando@unige.it	0
Secondly, we demonstrate how two underutilized Wikipedia features the infoboxes and the page views can be effectively used to address this challenge.	1
Gideon Koren is a Career Scientist of the Ontario Ministry of Health.	0
Appleyard is with the Portland State University, Portland, OR 97201 USA (e-mail: appleyar@pdx.edu).	0
See “Method of generating user discipline phylogenetic tree" section for details.	0
We propose an original approach to describe the scientific progress in a quantitative way.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
(V) Data analysis and interpretation: S Van Poucke, H Goyal, DD Rowley, N Liu;	0
The empirical reconstruction of an epistemological coordinate system for locating knowledge producers in the landscape of scientific knowledge offers a fresh perspective on science mapping.	1
Note: The raw data come from the Web of Science (www.webofknowledge.com) and the Altmetrics (https://www.	0
Multiple linear regression and moderation analysis to test H1, H2.1, H2.2 and H3	0
Turner and an anonymous referee for very helpful comments at various stages of this research, Ms.	0
STEVEN STACK is a Professor of criminology and psychiatry at Wayne State University in Detroit, MI.	0
For tenure or promotion, only papers that are published in peer-reviewed journals count.	0
1982, Laband 1986, and Laband & Sophocleus 1985, and Ellison 2011), the current paper's concern has not, to our knowledge, been previously explored.	1
The peer review process is corrupted and is either non-existent or minimal.	0
Based on this consideration, it has been decided to verify whether the great commercial importance of this fruit corresponds to an equally dynamic and productive scientific activity.	1
This research demonstrated that the growth of Lassa fever related literature favors a linear path rather than exponential unlike other biomedical fields.	1
Reg Anesth Pain Med Epub ahead of print: [please include Day Month Year].	0
In this paper, we have used a protocol based on matrix normalization and multiplication so that totalized input and output measures can be obtained and comparative research evaluation can be facilitated.	1
Advances in computational text analysis present new opportunities for reconciling the two traditions of science mapping scientometrics and relational sociology through a novel combination of topic modeling (Blei, 2012), CoDa compositional data analysis (Aitchison, 1986), and GDA geometric data analysis (Le Roux & Rouanet, 2004).	1
The share of the ten base journals is also given in parentheses.	0
While this heterogeneity is built into our internal scaling laws, the external scaling heterogeneity is an emergent property within the model.	1
In the following, we present the common field classification scheme developed for professors from both countries, and the research performance indicator.	0
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
Yet, a dearth of research empirically investigated the assumption that institutions that train future foreign faculty and those that hire faculty with foreign degrees will have greater presence in the international networks of research collaboration.	1
Yearly output in number of articles published of the two leading journals	0
We contribute to IDR by elucidating how individual scientists solve problems in hybrid organizations according to KBV and empirically test our hypotheses.	1
The educational cycle is only partially controlled by the units themselves, since teaching volume is largely dependent on departmental decisions.	0
The inclusion of ‘Corrected Quality Ratio' can incorporate the shortcoming of h-index such as the same h-index issue, ignoring of head, tail, and zero citations issues.	1
(2002) were able to link only 9.3% of 1.15 million NPR to specific articles in the Science Citation Index.	0
Theoretically, I contribute to the literature on social networks, stratification, and culture by testing Weber's theory linking interactional closure and shared lifestyles.	1
1 Correlation is significant at the 0.1 level (2-tailed); 2 Correlation is significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed).	0
Dual examinations can also be valid for these subjects; however, several actions must be taken to avoid online cheating: allowing all students to check books or documentation during the exam, creating different exam versions, monitoring online students, and asking them to send results periodically, and so forth.	1
When the establishment of the relationship was dubious, that record was classified as undetermined, and eliminated from certain analyses.	0
This study contributes to a better understanding of the scientific performance and internationalization of Chinese journals in the global publishing landscape, while also identifying potential areas for improvement.	1
Figure 1: Evolution of Collaboration Degree of Articles Published in the Top Three Journals	0
In this article, I combine sociological and cognitive perspectives to develop a theoretical framework for explaining this paradox.	1
*Biology Department, Swarthmore College, Swarthmore, PA 19081, USA; ?Department of Biology, Memorial University of Newfoundland and Labrador, St.	0
Downloaded by University of Sussex Library At 01:26 16 May 2016 (PT)	0
By evaluating current policies through the lens of those in low resource environments, it may be possible to optimize practices in a manner that empowers publishers, authors, and readers to act collaboratively to increase access to relevant and potentially life-saving information.	1
Faculty of Education, The University of Hong Kong, Pokfulam Road, Hong Kong 999077, China	0
One important aspect in this study is giving accurate definitions of ten indicators measuring uncited papers, uncited authors and uncited topics.	1
They are neither intended to be exhaustive nor to represent a list of all journals cited.	0
The scheme is heuristic and only tentative, and by far not exhausting.	0
At the same time, register variation of peer-reviewed journals—that can contribute to whether a paper is accepted for publication—has received little attention.	1
The authors acknowledge their indebtedness to the many institutional archivists whose generous assistance made it possible to develop the data presented in this study.	0
gave approval to record and use the data, and checked the manuscript for inaccuracies.	0
However, our analysis results proved that "more HS knowledge, more citations” is not always true.	1
Graph 2 demonstrates the number of self-citations before and after retraction.	0
At a recent two-day conference devoted to this topic 43 scientists agreed to the following definition [16]:	0
According to Merton (1965), scientists build their research on the shoulders of giants, the great scientists of the past.	0
We bridge the split between the structure of science evolution and its information by introducing GSP, a tool for analyzing information on graph structures that can integrate both the structure of scientific evolution and arbitrary information within it.	1
This contribution aims to address both limitations by investigating variations across countries in climate change research specialization.	1
Trend analysis of publications in the top 3 journals and the types of authors in this study.	0
Code availability Routines employed in the analyses are available via the analytic software used—VantagePoint [www.	0
Similarly, geographical h index is designed to measure the advantages of article views in terms of geographical diffusion.	1
This study provided a global and brief perspective on the developments in research on nursing and COVID-19 in the WoS database.	1
The studies on the power-law relationship between citation-based impact and collaboration are lacking in the literature.	1
This paper further explores new hypothesis of the effect of comembership in IGOs.	1
Our study strengthens the state of evidence as it was a longitudinal study using objective indicators of performance.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Figure 1 depicts the publication year distribution of the collected papers with full texts; we considered old papers while integrating a greater number of recent works.	0
A newly developed indicator called Y-index is used to evaluate the publication performance of contributing authors.	1
In other words, for a given author we count the number of his scientific papers, which belong to the class of ‘known papers’—they have gained more citations, than the number of items in the list of references in this article.	0
We have proposed a new model based on co-citations that is able to recommend highly related articles.	1
This open access article is distributed under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives License 4.0 (CC BY-NC-ND).	0
The authors wish to thank Balázs Schlemmer for his creative assistance in preparing the ‘scientographical’ maps of this paper.	0
Acknowledgments The author wishes to thank the anonymous reviewer for her/his invaluably helpful comments on an earlier version of this article.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
In this regard, we offer an assessment tool to contrast the acknowledgement patterns of funded researchers with the actual objectives of the organizations.	1
From a pragmatic point of view, qualitative research involves textual rather than numeric data (Punch, 2013).	0
Table 3 shows how the citations are distributed across the fields and periods.	0
While SNM provides a new and useful form to filter and find important papers from another aspect.	1
There are two major shortcomings in the existing body of research that the current study hopes to address.	1
This paper introduces the process followed to build a query system that aims to solve this problem.	1
There is now an opportunity and a necessity for LIS to debate and reconsider the future disciplinary evolution in order to ensure the future strength of the discipline – in a world where impact is likely to become ever more important.	1
This article extends the sample to the entire cohort of young adults in Spain aged 18–25.	1
To the best of our knowledge, no previous study has examined changing authorship affiliation patterns in all six elite journals (or any one of them) in detail over time.	1
Based on the COI relationship, we further bring forward the COIRank algorithm, an innovative scheme for accurately assessing the impact of an article.	1
When comparing IJHCS and CHI, please consider that the figures have different scales.	0
Therefore, we propose a new category, which could be named 'Technological Explicitness.'	1
2018), to our knowledge, this is the largest study providing an in-depth and explicit analysis of researchers' and other relevant stakeholders' preferences regarding the devel- opment and implementation of RI education in research insti- tutions across Europe.	1
The study's uniqueness is that it focuses on several characteristics of predatory journals, such as journal longevity, keyword frequency, author gender and APC declarations in journals, to provide a comprehensive perspective on predatory publishing.	1
Thus, this article proposes a novel approach that alleviates the ambiguities associated with emerging technologies, by specifically enabling scientific and industrial actors as well as (science) policy-makers to better assess the interdisciplinary nature of technological knowledge areas that form emerging technologies, monitor the respective processes and outcomes, and identify and visualize central as well as key bridging technological knowledge areas for the development of emerging technologies.	1
Scientific research outcomes often stimulate technological innovation, thus accelerating economic growth [1,2].	0
This paper explores potential relations between the numbers of citations and downloads of scientific publications beyond correlation by using a Granger-causality test.	1
The interested reader might wonder who that famous Italian mathematician actually was.	0
It is important to note that no distinction is made in this study between unacceptable/questionable practices and research misconduct, and we will refer to all practices under the term “research misconduct”.	0
Altmetric.com and ImpactStory.org collect and sell altmetrics data for scholarly products and offer free statistics for single documents through their websites.	0
Nevertheless, this unique analytical method and data provide useful and clear empirical evidence, and when used with appropriate caution reveal new insights for international science policy.	1
We created the citation rhythm indicator R?, which measures and presents the rhythm of a scientist's academic influence.	1
These results underscore the multifaceted nature of academic impact [22-25], providing empirical evidence to inform future scientific policies and funding decisions based on academic impact.	1
While many studies have reported on post-retraction citations, few have focused on citations made before the retraction.	1
This research contributes insights into knowledge and technology transfer by providing new empirical evidence on the knowledge transfer mechanisms facilitated by star scientists, and offering actionable recommendations for improving academic and research management practices in small open economies.	1
By leveraging the potential of artificial neural networks to model complex relationships, we seek to unravel the underlying dynamics that influence a university's centrality within these networks.	1
Studies on "science at the periphery" are still few and far between in spite of the growing interest on this topic in recent years.1	0
Relationship between the number of citations of documents in Google Scholar and the rank position they occupy in the search engine results page.	0
First, it provides a formal economic treatment of negotiation over attribution rights, a topic that so far has been quite neglected by economists.	1
Herein, we present an analysis of all the retracted publications in the spine literature between January 2000 and May 2023.	1
Therefore, corrections should be made to exclude the word 'Korean' from JKAN's title.	1
The total number of articles produced during the period under study is 426 papers.	0
The paper was the most frequently used document type comprising 96% of the total production, followed distantly by reviews (10, 2.0%).	0
From the analyses, it emerges that the fundamental determinant of an academic candidate's success is not scientific merit, but rather the number of years that the candidate has belonged to the same university as the president of the selection committee.	1
These findings show the broad roles that URLs can play when making a patent claim, which may help inventors and evaluators decide which URLs are most appropriate and may help researchers to design new impact indicators for online resources referenced from patents.	1
This time we consider average astronomers who have completed their careers (25 American Astronomical Society members who died recently) and found that they peak in their mid 40s and did half of their life's important output after age 50.	1
French publications in chemistry from 1977 to 1986 (Source: Chemical Abstracts)	0
The author would like to thank the reviewers and especially Professor Liwen Vaughan, Faculty of Information and Media Studies, University of Western Ontario, for their helpful comments.	0
He is currently on leave as the Ulam Scholar at the Center for Nonlinear Studies at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico.	0
The proposed concept of The Reviewer Index [RI], thus, enables grading of reviewers, as well as entitles them to different benefits.	1
No study has compared academic performance between EM and other medical specialties after 2010.	1
Many of the "core" MIS journals such as MIS Quarterly, Journal of MIS (JMIS), and Information Systems Research (ISR) have "come of age" only in the last eight to ten years.	0
1 also shows the ratio of China’s output to that of India for the same time period.	0
Our proposed method modifies DCA by incorporating the semantic similarity using latent semantic analysis for the abstracts of the top-cited documents.	1
A method to detect academic communities of productive authors by extracting motifs (large cliques) from the network is suggested.	1
Table 2 Finnish research publications between 2012 and 2014 by fields	0
We propose a novel measure, the TS score, to assess the translationalness of a non-clinical publication and provide evidence that this measure meets these desired criteria.	1
However, studies on plant biotechnology coperation within ASEAN nations and their global partners using bibliometric tools have not been published.	1
While this has been done in other surgical specialties, this study covers a wider range of countries and shows a global view.	1
Searching on literature we noted the absence of papers which analyzes the entire scientific production of Mexico indexed in Scopus in a global and recent way, and neither the production in collaboration with its strategic countries in science and technology.	1
Panel b: R2 = 0.94; R2 = 0.93; хду = 0.0179; ?ду = 0.0184; F – Stat.(4, 25) = 95.8258	0
KEY WORDS: genomics, DNA sequencing, genome sequencing, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Homo sapiens, Sus scrofa, mixed methods, co-authorship networks, social network analysis	0
VOSviewer can be downloaded from www.vosviewer.com (accessed on 1 January 2022) for free.	0
This is expected as an increase in the number of authors reduces the probability for assigning authorship in alphabetical order by pure chance.	0
The table summarizes the h-indices related to research on ovarian cancer and published by the countries investigated	0
Northcutt, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 1, 2001 75	0
An alternative approach that permits examination of the international Internet's structure is the analysis of interdomain hyperlinks (Barnett, Chon, Park, & Rosen, 2001).	1
The aim of this paper has been to analyse and discuss this latter development, by investigating why libraries choose this particular path, and to explore its potential effects.	1
(We considered “international" all papers with at least one co-author with non-Hungarian affiliation.)	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Lorenz curves of the top 25 countries that received most citations over four intervals.	0
Yuehua Zhao serves as one of the co-corresponding authors of this paper.	0
Second, this paper also demonstrates the usefulness of the functional data analysis for bibliometric studies.	1
Frequency of Indexed Articles in Medicine and Nursing Literature on Task Sharing	0
The newly available topic related search field tags provided by WoSCC enabled the large-scale empirical exploration of the availability of abstract/author keywords/keywords plus information in WoSCC and further gave a reasonable explanation for the “watershed” phenomenon in 1991 for Al research which was implied by the data in Fosso Wamba's study (Fosso Wamba et al., 2021).	1
The relations between keywords, journals, countries, and authors were displayed in three-field plots to provide a different perspective on finite mixture model literature analysis.	1
The obtained events orderings (permutations) are mostly congruent with Davis’ ordering.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=hcms20	0
PageRank is a novel method for determining the importance of biomedical literature.	1
The NH&MRC only funds projects in the areas of medicine and dentistry.	0
Flexit however, differs from extant instruments of the same type in the level of immersion it requires of the researcher.	1
We also argue that changes in the coverage of this database have performative effects.	1
The data presented in this paper forcefully demonstrate that we are still in an era of internationalization, and that real globalization is far from being achieved in the many different scientific fields (Gingras 2002; Dubois et al.	1
This study with big data of more than 90,000 NST publications from SCI-Expanded supplemented fresh information to the exited collaboration patterns of scientific community, successfully used newly developed indicators of TCyear, CPPyear, SNI, and CPPSNI, and software of Gephi 0.9.1.	1
The author(s) received financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: from the Jan Wallander and Tom Hedelius Foundation (Grant W18-0053) and the Swedish Research Council (Grant 2019-03198).	0
1 For 582 papers published in January and February of 2012 in the Astrophysical Journal, the numbers of citations in five years are plotted against the logarithm of the numbers of authors, binned in 1 + 2 authors, 3 + 4, 5 + 6, etc.	0
We introduce a z-index as a measure that combines all three attributes—quality, quantity, and consistency—into a single number.	1
R&D Management published by RADMA and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	0
The Characteristic Scores and Scales method was applied to different types of altmetric indicators for the first time and its robustness of the method was proved again.	1
Gourdon, 1966, Autism: Analysis of the scientific dynamics of a field of research, DEA thesis, Nantes' Laboratory of Psychology.	0
According to our results, evaluated by domain experts, we conclude that the non-self-citation by inventor/applicant is quite noisy and cannot indicate science linkage and that self-citation by inventor/applicant, although limited, is more appropriate for understanding science linkage.	1
2020 Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
This time span is due to the limitations of our subscription to Web of Science Database	0
5 The research content of the program supported by the NSFC in the field of "tumor radiotherapy"	0
I realize that you could probably be thrown out of your profession for giving those things to children today.	0
The second, regimes of accumulation, attempts to put prior STS efforts to theorize capitalist dynamics in knowledge production in conversation with work on capitalism and valuation in the recent French pragmatist sociology.	1
To solve this problem, we re-translated the name variations of Korean universities into our own university codes using custom algorithms.	0
Third, this study disentangles the mechanisms underlying the effects of tenure-track employment.	1
Now it is difficult within the limits of a short address to guard against all possible misunderstanding, yet I think Dr.	0
In terms of communities, Recuero (2009) explains that social networks typically form clusters where nodes within the community exchange information more frequently than with external nodes.	0
One novel and important focus of the programme is creating an awareness of the harsh and disrespectful treatment that second-language writers sometimes receive.	1
1 shows the number of articles for each journal during 1990–2015.	0
If you consider content in White Rose Research Online to be in breach of UK law, please notify us by emailing eprints@whiterose.ac.uk including the URL of the record and the reason for the withdrawal request.	0
The following steps are carried out to check whether the scientific fronts and technical fronts exhibit lexical relations.	0
Library, Documentation and Information Science Division, Indian Statistical Institute, 203 B.	0
Center for Innovation, Technology and Policy Research IN+, Instituto Superior Técnico, Technical University of Lisbon, Avenida Rovisco Pais, 1049-001 Lisbon, Portugal	0
Unlike previous bibliometric analysis on COVID-19 topics [34,35], the latest literature data were focused on the vaccine research of COVID-19.	1
Of course, I could rebut those arguments for many reasons, because I publish papers to target specific groups in agriculture (Dodson, 2008).	0
This study of the research stream of transition markets is distinct from most bibliometric studies for its extensive database of nearly 700 journals across two disciplines and a rather novel method of topic identification that facilitates assignments of words and topics across documents.	1
There is little empirical evidence on the impact of scientific relatedness on the innovation output, especially at the country level.	1
This issue completes the 30th volume of the Journal of Peace Research.	0
In this study, the concentration ratio is applied to bibliometric analyses for the first time.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The author is an Editorial Board Member/Editor-in-Chief/Associate Editor/Guest Editor for [Journal of Informetrics] and was not involved in the editorial review or the decision to publish this article.	0
The present study favors a macro-level analysis since the theory of social capital acquired from the social networks, including co-authorship networks, and measurement criteria can have compatibility with the analysis at the micro-level.	1
This study contributes to a growing body of research about disciplinary norms in the production and dissemination of social work scholarship.	1
The author(s) declared no conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Beyond the specific empirical setting, learning more about spillover and substitution effects among funding streams helps us better understand competition for research funding, which in turn contributes to our knowledge about competition in science and higher education more generally.	1
As an alternative, this article proposes a method to search automatically for mentions of books in online academic course syllabi based on Bing searches for syllabi mentioning a given book, filtering out false matches through an extensive set of rules.	1
Keywords Electromagnetic fields (EMF) · Research performance · Bibliometrics · Authorship pattern	0
1 Curves showing the yearly IPCh-indices of two firms during the period 1990–2005	0
The icons are used to identify the corresponding stages in the monitoring results.	0
This paper tries to build a value-added literature database system for co-citation analysis of healthcare research.	1
Classifications in which a high threshold is set for allowing assignments to multiple categories, combined with the use of first- and second-generation references and averaging over the number of references, provide the most promising results, improving over other reference-based reclassification proposals in terms of granularity, and over the Scopus classification itself in such aspects as the homogeneity of the publications assigned to a category.	1
For ease of presentation, we removed the edges with weight less than 0.001.	0
Our analysis provided novel evidence of the adequacy of the scientific return on country-specific investment of local dedicated resources.	1
M. Dekeyser (KHBO, Belgium) and several anonymous referees for their help in preparing this article.	0
The first series (for authors) reports the share of all authors who	0
The methodology proposed here might also be suitable to explain the renewed interest in publications with delayed recognition, also referred to as sleeping beauties (van Raan, 2004).	1
Reviewed by: Andy Wai Kan Yeung, University of Hong Kong, China	0
Figure 4 Results of the query jew on August 7, 2005	0
The dilemma then is that mutual sharing (of journals) yields a better outcome than mutual non-sharing but it is not the rational outcome because the choice to share a journal, at the individual level, is not rational from a self-interested point of view.	0
Notes.—Categorical data are presented as numbers of studies with percentages in parentheses.	0
14 These cut-off points 21 and 22 relate to probabilities which we define, and are different to the cut-off points (K) found by the regression.	0
Department of Computer Science, The University of Auckland, 38 Princes St, Auckland, New Zealand	0
However, to our knowledge, none of the previous articles have analyzed the trend of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19-related articles published in the Indian Journal of Ophthalmology during the COVID-19 pandemic.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
On balance, it would seem wiser for Chinese publishers to find an efficient pattern for publishing scholarly works, one that depends on satisfying the real market demand – and then sharpening their own competitiveness.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Since no study has confirmed this assumption, the first aim of this study is to fill this gap, and further test its significance by discipline.	1
How to cite | Complete issue | More information about this article Journal's homepage	0
1 Box plots of citation counts of scientific articles according to their coverage (with_media) or not (no_media) in newspapers.	0
Using data for over 33,000 papers concerning all collaborations in Europe in 2000, our main result holds that citation impact increases with the geographical distance between the collaborating counties.	1
The next section explores the less examined specific experiences of scholars, researchers and institutions (ie libraries as distributors/or managers of journals) vis-à-vis OA in Kenya on knowledge production.	1
We found that a power law is applicable to distributions of retracting authors and retracted publications with exponents of about -0.6 and -3.0, respectively.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Note that the data for the final year (2011) was incomplete at the time of this research and will not be taken into account (i.e., 2011 data will be omitted) in trends involving absolute quantities.	0
This figure is above the maximum monthly limit of 5000 queries, but this limit was not reached because most search terms returned fewer than 20 pages of results.	0
Our work contributes to enhancing the understanding of how science contributes to technological innovation by considering the interdisciplinarity of scientific research.	1
The dashed line is for the articles submitted after the first 30 minutes.	0
Using citations of a series of classic algorithms and the time series of co-authorship as the foot-prints of their diffusion trajectories, we propose a novel method to analyze the intertwining relationships between broadcasting and virality in the innovation diffusion process.	1
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
In light of such limitations, this study still raises particular questions that would direct significant and worthwhile development of the research reputation discourse.	1
Dedication: The authors dedicate this article to the memory of Thomas R.	0
36Our main sample consists of all authors who have at least one research article during this period and researchers remain in the analytic sample through 2009 or their 41st career year, whichever arrives first.	0
The uniqueness of the NBA model lies in that this conceptualization integrates the connectedness of coauthors, their order, the number of collaborators, and each author’s contribution into one framework, which together satisfy the desiderata proposed above.	1
Therefore, the results from this method were treated as the reference source.	0
The study provides an overview of the elements which have influenced TF&SC.	1
* Disclosure of potential conflicts of interest - All authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Expectation-based cross-national referencing behavior will now be discussed for superconductivity, plasma physics, and MHD topics separately.	0
Some Scopus records lacked author information, giving “Anon” or “Dull” instead.	0
Librarians as authors and as advocates for both journal evaluation and open access publishing can utilize this study in the continued development of frameworks for use in journal selection and as the field moves toward more holistic evaluation models rather than binary lists of good and bad publications.	1
Therefore, the general purpose of this comprehensive bibliometric analysis was to identify research patterns and trends in the scientific literature on coal modeling.	1
The findings contribute to the study of transformation that is underway in higher education and research institutions in the country.	1
There has been no comprehensive study on the success factors of IRs in the library context and no investigation of success factors in real-life contexts of IR activities.	1
College of Information Science and Technology, Drexel University, 3141 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-2875, USA	0
Second, it explores the driving factors for the imbalance between research efforts and global disease burden, including new bibliometric data regarding pharmaceutical research agendas and citation incentives.	1
This article addresses this gap by studying the content of the reviewer guidelines (RG) of 46 journals in the field of management, as editors may use guidelines to nudge reviewers considering all relevant criteria, properly, and consistently with the needs of the journal.	1
We define the knowledge diffusion proxy, and scientific production ranking algorithms to capture the spatio-temporal dynamics of Physics knowledge worldwide.	1
Number of articles (Left) and proceedings papers (Right) published in individual years.	0
The proposed index would be the research output (indicated by existing index e.g., number of manuscripts published, number of citations received) per ten thousand dollars of the grant.	1
Word associations between "science education" and other lemmas in the author- supplied keywords/descriptors corpus subset.	0
1 and 2 and in Table 3 reflect numerous factors and situations.	0
We believe that our findings have value in that we use a rigorous methodology to reach results contrary to many recent studies on the relationship between academic inbreeding and research productivity and impact and we do so in a different institutional context.	1
The accuracy and efficiency of CogFT offers new possibilities for large-scale analyses of research methods, without the need for extensive manual coding.	1
I report the results of a recent survey asking a random sample of about 600 APSA members with PhDs what their reviewing loads are like and what their beliefs are about the value of peer reviewing to them and others.	1
Generalizing, the profiling web services such as MAS, Google Scholar Citations or ResearchGate can be trustworthy services that open a new perspective on the research evaluation and specifically on the collaboration studies.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The combined method (experiments 1 and 2) for locating influential researchers in the LA domain achieved an improved efficiency, identifying four distinct clusters of scholars, namely specialists, occasional, interested, and early career researchers.	1
In this study, I collated recent turnaround times and impact factors for 82 journals that publish papers in the field of fisheries sciences.	1
This article aims to fill these gaps by studying the opportunistic use of self-citations, i.e.	1
The analysis results of this study are represented in the following graphs and tables.	0
Ponomarev, et al., Predicting highly cited papers: A Method for Early Detection of Candidate Breakthroughs, Technol.	0
This is a much longer window than most research in this field has considered.	1
More specifically, our findings show that three citation practices can be summarized from the journalism research of the BRICS nations and they may exert distinctive influences on local scholarship.	1
Appropriate crediting mechanisms that are better aligned with the way science ought to be conducted in the future need to be developed.	1
This, by the way, points at a strategic issue: as proving impact is increasingly crucial for acquiring funding, project leaders may think of names that can be more easily distinguished, and also promote clearly specific publications users of the infrastructure should refer to.	0
Here, we accept the meta-pattern but contest the network as a sufficient explanatory model and concur with Georghiou, that there are other agents such as major facilities (e.g.	1
By constructing a unique database of 26,219 publications in 45 top journals, we compare Australia's output internationally, determine whether Australia's output increased, and rank Australian universities based on their output.	1
A recent study (Yang et al., 2024) also uses the DID design to examine the impact of big-science research infrastructures on regional knowledge innovation, taking China's National Supercomputing Center (NSC) as a case, but their analysis is performed at the city level.	1
To our knowledge this study represents the most wide-ranging review of the trends of orthopaedic journal impact factors over the last decade.	1
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
The authors propose a novel bibilometric index, the reverberation index (r-index), as a comparative assessment tool for use in determining differential reverberation between scientific fields for a given scientific entity.	1
Our study uses a different methodology of data extraction and expands on McDonald's analysis by investigating a greater timeframe of 68 years with a particular focus on radiology journals.	1
For node construction, we have introduced (i) Graph-based Variable Clustering (GVC) to optimize feature selection and remove redundancies by analyzing multi-collinearity and (ii) Encoder-Decoder based Dimensionality Reduction (EDDR) using transformer-based techniques to reduce feature dimensions while keeping important information intact about textual embeddings.	1
Repetition of our analyses with four groups of equal size yields similar results to those presented in the following section.	0
This paper furthers our understanding of altmetrics in social science disciplines.	1
Second, it is a new attempt of the TOPSIS method in practice; in this paper, the TOPSIS method is applied in reverse.	1
New time-dependent citation indexes have been introduced and illustrated, which take into account both the total number of citations of the articles concerned and the time of publication (expressed as the number of years between publication and the actual date of processing of the proposed indexes).	1
For improving the performance and effectiveness of peer review, a novel review system is proposed, based on analysis of peer review process for academic journals under a parallel model built via Monte Carlo method.	1
The results of the cluster analysis showed that clustering universities by institutional size and performance as two separate variables provided better results.	1
This information is published on the first page of each original research article (9).	0
1 The blind men and the elephant in Morris and Martens (2009, p.	0
They may also not be applicable for later stages of COVID-19 research or for future epidemics or pandemics.	0
The findings show similar problems to other regions of the world, and some problems discovered in this study demonstrate unique problems encountered within a small research community.	1
This study will contribute to a deeper understanding of the complexity of assessing scholarly books.	1
Only by utilizing fractional scoring does, the total score of all papers exactly reproduce the theoretical value in each case.	1
External synergies: the most involved scientific disciplinary sectors are AGR01, AGR02, AGR03 and ICAR20.	0
4 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—● 2012	0
Models 5 and 6: Predicting ranking with normalized variables and z-scores through linear regression	0
However, we do not know whether male and female researchers in the same academic stage, field, and institution publish at similar rates or whether differences appear even at the earliest career stage-graduate school.	1
One main aspect of our contribution is the combination of different methodologies, each having not only its potentialities and pitfalls, but also specific questions and objects of study.	1
The results of this survey identified perceived barriers to conducting research in OM and highlighted solutions to address such barriers.	1
Illustrated map representation for total number of publications per LA country.	0
is the number of co-occurrences of words i and j (the cosine for- mula is in fact the square root of the inclusion index for word i, multiplied with the inclusion index for word j, see [9]).	0
Received August 31, 2007; revised February 11, 2008; accepted June 3, 2008	0
1 having more than four co-authorships, expressed as a number on a [0,1] scale	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
These results should be treated with caution, for reasons we shall discuss here.	0
Rectification of this study with previous work, however, remains a major issue.	0
Correspondence: Tatiana Reitblat, MD, Rheumatology Unit, Barzilai Medical Center, Hahistadrout St 2, Ashkelon 78278, Israel.	0
Third, in line with RRA principles, quantitative data should only support qualitative assessment, especially so, when the target of evaluation is very qualitative in nature.	1
This does not alter the authors' adherence to all the PLoS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
2011 ASIS&T Published online 24 October 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
We propose to bring to bear a unitary standard scale charactering each discipline or even subfield, where minimum and maximum marks should be determined.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Table 3 Descriptive statistics for universities in Europe (period 2007–2010): analyses at broad disciplinary area level	0
Other measures of effectiveness, including impact on education, on health care development, and on stimulation of applied developments, are needed rather than spuriously scientific advanced analyses of citation counts.	1
It is also worth pointing out methodological innovations used in this study that may be useful in other contexts.	1
National Institutes of Health from 1980 to 2008.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
1EC3 Research Group, Departamento de Información y Comunicación, Colegio Máximo de Cartuja s/n, 18071, Universidad de Granada, Granada, Spain	0
This paper contributes to the literature showing that social connections matter not only for recruitment of professors (Zinovyeva and Bague 2015), fund awarding (Ebadi and Schiffauerova 2015), association membership (Fisman et al.	1
Our study is the first to analyze the characteristics of research contributions to LIS by various disciplines.	1
This study developed a multidimensional model of the perceived prevalence of research fraud.	1
Firstly, we examine the association between exploration levels and funding success using two different measurement methods, providing a comprehensive understanding of individual career dynamics.	1
Therefore, a key result we present in this article is that, to improve the observability of review outcome and to obtain a better signal of the reviewer's effort, the journal can have the incentive to increase its quality standard.	1
Information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
Based on a national survey of Chinese scientific personnel in 2008, this paper sheds new light on the relationship between social networks and scientific performance.	1
However, few studies have proposed evaluation methodology allowing a comprehensive characterization of the different dimensions of researchers' work.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
(2006) on the evaluation of the momentous growth journey of JOM, the current study outlines a bibliometric profile of JOM.	1
This was made possible by utilising a completely novel dataset on Greek researchers participating in the publicly funded “Tertiary Education Initiatives” in recent years.	1
Existing studies mainly focus on the holistic research and analysis of the current status of collaboration in a certain field without giving detailed comparison between different disciplines.	1
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
To construct such a measure, we employ a novel approach that groups scientific articles into subfields based on their intellectual content using very detailed keyword information as well as the relative frequencies of these keywords in the scientific corpus (Azoulay et al., 2015).	1
The average for the sixth decade is similar, but is available for only six of the astronomers	0
This article introduces a new approach to assessing business ethics journal quality, which uses publication quality metrics that are actually used by business schools in decision making about promotion, tenure, and faculty evaluation.	1
The basic difficulty of study is to capture and dissect out such a body.	0
This analysis departs from both the general comparison of researchers across organizational settings and academic appointments on one hand, and the definition of “elite” by the research outcome variables on the other, which are common in previous studies.	1
This paper proposes a new method for constructing and evaluating citation trees.	1
This study contributes to the analysis of the incidence of social variables into scientific research in a sample of countries of diverse nature.	1
In advancing previous literature, we thus relegated the role played by research funders that construct evaluation procedures with status-bestowing momentum.	1
However, we are not aware of any such studies of computer science that focus on the FCB countries and the work reported here hence fills a niche in the literature.	1
The present study assessed the characteristics of the 100 most frequently cited articles (T100) in the field of AD, which allowed us to uncover historical patterns and trends in the research about AD, which has undergone considerable change worldwide over the years.	1
The emergence of global rankings such as SCImago, WEBOMETRICS and URAP, which cover a considerably larger number of institutions worldwide, has made it possible to make more meaningful comparisons among global and national rankings.	1
In Section 6 we introduce an axiom weak contraction consistency.	1
Finally, the gender of award recipients was coded to investigate a possible gender gap in recognition of scholarly achievements.	1
First, this analysis is a 'proof of concept' that it can be beneficial to assess the change over time in TRS as new projects are funded and collaborative science in this area changes.	1
This micro/meso level study suggests such mechanisms and dynamics are key features of team science and as such can inform problems of integration, praxis, and engagement in teams.	1
If in the next year the link between field "C" and "A" has become stronger, then "C" may displace "B", and "B" will form a separate cluster.	0
Outside taxonomy, on the other hand, referring to the original sources of names becomes superfluous with time (Krell 2002).	0
Not least, the case of China can contribute some interesting stimuli for general research and theory-building on university ranking as a phenomenon in world society and complement existing empirics that are usually almost exclusively derived from the OECD context.	1
The difficulty in normalising for fields is how to assign papers to fields.	0
This is not to deny the considerable value of such outlets, but to limit and focus the discussion.	0
What is missing with few exceptions (Gunnarsdóttir 2005) are studies that aim to draw a more contextualized picture and analyze the evolvement of publication models in the context of disciplinary cultures.	1
We thank Ben Jones, Dave Maré, three anonymous referees, and seminar participants at Motu for helpful suggestions.	0
Results from bibliometric analysis always have to be interpreted carefully, and they definitely do not tell the whole story about international comparative research in higher education, but they provide first interesting insights into the academic-scholarly segment of the overall body of literature in higher education research.	1
Second, we measure education quality by employing three proxies to cover important outcomes of the education system, namely, education system quality in a country, math education quality, and management school quality.	1
We received very useful comments from John Cockburn, Catherine Locke, two anonymous reviewers, and colleagues at the Partnership for Economic Policy (PEP).	0
We thank John Hogenesch, Martin Hemberg, Marlene Cohen, and Douglas Ruff for comments and discussions.	0
A preprint server for biology represents a feasible action item because the physicists/ mathematicians have proof-of-principle that this system works and arXiv has coexisted with journals, with each providing different services in science communication (SI Q&A Regarding Preprints).	1
India's contribution on "Guillain- Barre syndrome": Mapping of 40 years research.	0
In order to analyze the extent of instability among the various rankings of scholars, institutions, and countries, we selected a sample of journals, which are considered	0
Note: Note that Mendeley status groups have been changed in early 2016.	0
The third and final contribution is the discovery of three different ways that Committee Members at the micro-level relate to articulations of the discourses of internationalisation and excellence.	1
The seven stages of our framework to predict evolution events and analyze feature importance.	0
If PEI >1, this indicates that the impact of publications in a given field by a particular country is more than the research effort devoted to it during the period considered.	0
In this study, (1) co-occurrence analysis, (2) node centrality analysis, and (3) block-modeling were employed to establish a new concept of discipline relationship.	1
For example, if an article published in 2000 cited an article published in 1995, then the age of the source document is counted as 5 years.	0
The authors would like to thank an anonymous reviewer for the helpful comments.	0
Despite these limitations, this study provides a scientific basis for formulating policies to improve research integrity.	1
Below we provide comprehensive recommendations on good practice for the retraction of published articles, bringing together the findings from our study on Covid-19 retractions, recommendations made by other authors prior to the Covid-19 pandemic summarised above, and the COPE guidelines on retraction [29].	1
In this study, we devised and discussed a novel methodology to quantify the degree of interdisciplinarity of academic journals, based on the spectral properties of the bipartite publication network between scholars and journals.	1
The results permit to obtain a general picture of the most significant research in business & economics.	1
This paper includes an n-gram analysis and a review of the most cited papers in the extracted database, offering a comprehensive bibliometric analysis.	1
This study emerged from technical preparations for a larger project aimed at creating a national profile of Chinese retractions.	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
To ensure appropriate recognition for equal work, we encourage journals and citation databases to begin identifying joint first authors in a way that makes it easy for readers to locate this information.	1
The proposed system has the potential to become a value-added database of the healthcare domain, which will benefit researchers.	1
Trend analysis in research subjects assists researchers in planning their research direction and predicting research trends.	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This study adds a new dimension of citation sentiment to the understanding of disciplinary discourse and writing norms.	1
Our goal in this article is to develop a systematic understanding of researchers' adoption of and attitudes toward preprinting.	1
This is the first study to adopt the MAK approach in identifying the hidden intellectual structure of the hospitality literature.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 165542 []	0
Hence, this study seeks to improve the ToS algorithm to streamline the research process on a specific topic, in order to fulfill the need for non-conventional literature review techniques (Alulema & Largo, 2019) that other studies have proposed (Sepúlveda & Cravero, 2015).	1
Nevertheless, the use of equations and formulae later on in the text will not completely be avoidable.	0
Despite the increasing public importance of research on global warming, there are no scientometric studies on this topic available in the literature.	1
Contribution: To the best of our knowledge, this article is the early study of computer science network focused on the Turing Award.	1
We present a new metric, based on the relationship between the paper i’s degree in the citation (si) and co-citation network (ki), which is	1
The terms on which this article has been published allow the posting of the Accepted Manuscript in a repository by the author(s) or with their consent.	0
1 CpP comparisons between non-English journals and pure English journals in six physics subfields	0
In this research, we have proposed a citation-based approach, which helps the scientific community in retrieving the most relevant research documents.	1
TP/Pop: total publications; TC/Pop: total citations per million inhabitants; R: Rank.	0
Our work suggests that researchers with High a tend to wisely select their collaborators and research projects, and this eventually pays off leading to a higher citation count overall.	1
Overall, this first large-scale comparative study suggests that the new incarnation of Microsoft Academic presents us with an excellent alternative for citation analysis.	1
This article has been cited by 70 article(s) on the ISI Web of Science	0
As an illustration, let us consider the assessment of a sample of eight botany journals.	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Moving forward, countries need to consider how funding opportunities shape the size and organization of distinct research efforts, and which arrangements are best suited to making meaningful progress on different problems of societal and scientific interest.	1
For helpful comments on the manuscript I would like to thank Jochen Gl?ser and an unknown reviewer.	0
We therefore suspect that author citation ranking may be subject to something like an inherent uncertainty principle.	1
We acknowledge funding received from the University of Malaya Malaysia (UMRG - RP005C-13ICT), which made it possible to undertake this research.	0
This study makes a pivotal observation: the presence of higher-order loops within local collaboration networks is positively correlated with productivity in scientific careers.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to analyse the growing phenomenon of paper mill retractions and their characteristics.	1
Such process can be used to detect deep and potential author relationships.	1
To cite this article: Toshio Kuroki & Akira Ukawa (2018): Repeating probability of authors with retracted scientific publications, Accountability in Research, DOI: 10.1080/08989621.2018.1449651	0
The apparent causes of the recent trend appear to be unique, resulting in reduced marine productivity and negative impacts on fish, seabirds, and mammals.	1
Beyond the relevance of quantitative factors, we also confirm the existence of ‘halo effect’ (implicit bias) in some UoAs where submitting units that belonged to Russell group and had panel members in the REF exercise obtained higher scores even after controlling for other quantitative factors.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)	0
It is noted that there are other available tools that are also suitable to make bibliometric analysis, such as Bibexcel, Pajek, and SALSA, and each tool has its characteristics and applicable scene.	0
Unlike previous studies, we did not examine the direct relationship between internet access and research performance, we rather used it as a moderator between education quality and research performance.	1
The subject area to which a particular communication should be assigned was established with the help of the abstracting service Chemical Abstracts.	0
Received March 10, 2009; Accepted April 6, 2009; Published May 5, 2009	0
We introduce here a novel bibliometric tool termed the reverberation index (r-index).	1
Firstly, from a methodological perspective, we propose a scaling approach for research evaluation purposes, that is, for the comparison of scientific performance across different academic fields.	1
Received: 22 December 2020 Revised: 13 January 2021 Accepted: 16 January 2021	0
In addition to supporting citation patterns identified in previous citation analyses, this study revealed some novel relationships involving formats and subjects.	1
Most studies fall into the realm of LIS, though information systems is a related domain in which studies on research methods are published.	0
We investigated 100 highly cited BCI papers in the past 10 years, which can help distinguish between incremental and transformational studies.	1
The results were recorded by publication year and downloaded into a spreadsheet using software (Microsoft Excel, Office 2007) to analyze the data.	0
“Results and empirical findings" section shows the empirical results and “Discussion” section covers the discussion, while the last section concludes the paper.	0
1 Department of Information Management, National Taichung University of Science and Technology, Taichung 404, Taiwan, ROC	0
The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-019-03107-x) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
In the following, we will present our suggestions for an overhaul of the practices regarding visibility of author credit, citation, and referencing.	1
In order to take a first step towards investigating such a wide-ranging concept as 'collaboration' we set out to gain a better understanding of how publication patterns in the context of academic journals have changed since the first journal of the field, Computers and the Humanities, was established in 1966.	1
While researchers have quantified author contributions to scientific manuscripts in a variety of publications for biomedical, health, and social science research [27], to our knowledge, only two studies [36,37] have examined this issue for the field of ecology.	1
This study provides an overview of IJUFKS publications and is hopefully able to contribute to related research fields.	1
The present study is aimed at filling this gap.	1
To address this challenge, this paper reports an innovative software tool named AssignmentWatch which supports academic integrity by actively monitoring for the upload of assessment content online, with a focus on file-sharing websites.	1
Using a procedure, based on the Smith-Waterman algorithm, for measuring the difference between two sequences, more appropriate than the Levenshtein distance, used by other applications, which is not as reliable for a string with 10 characters as for another one with 50.	1
At the end of a review process, a staff editor makes the decision to accept or reject a manuscript for publication on the basis of the requested reviews and on their own evaluations.	0
Therefore, our focus in this study is on developing a high-accuracy citation recognition algorithm based on neural networks, thereby providing automatic extraction of the number of citation mentions in citing papers, and on assessing its performance in PDF papers with different citation styles.	1
The findings of this study would be of value to publishers and editors in the development and marketing of their journals.	1
To explore the structural expansion of citations within complex networks, we introduced the concept of the citation cascade (Min et al., 2017) and suggested metrics by which to quantify and measure it.	1
Information on all publications used in the present examples, including titles, can be found in the list of references at the end this work.	0
2009 ASIS&T Published online 22 June 2009 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
We believe this hybrid journal-ranking list composed of subjective and objective rankings can be regarded as a single representative MIS journal ranking list, which can be used to supplement the purely subjective and objective rankings.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Ashraf Uddin on 21 February 2016.	0
The second contribution of this paper is to examine the consistency between GS and more restrictive citation metrics.	1
As a robustness check, we also tested models adding gender (33% = female) and race (22%=non-white) as control variables, but they did not impact the results.	0
However, only a small subset of these analyse master theses from library and information science (Iseborn and Swartz, 2004; Ohlsson, 2004; Oppenheim and Smith, 2001; Waldh, 2013), and no study has yet to been published that utilize more advanced techniques such as bibliographic coupling to the end of conceptualizing the field as a field of education.	1
Formally, the pseudocode creating the citation cascades in chronological order is provided in Algorithm 1.	0
These are defined as context identification, purpose of citation and polarity.	0
That is why it is so important to study it now.	1
This topic, however, has not received much attention in dentistry.	1
This study presents a new method for ranking journals, named the multiple-link, mutually reinforced journal-ranking (MLMRJR) model.	1
Our analysis suggests that leveraging personal ties in the review gift economy, while traditionally associated with bias and cronyism (Bornmann 2011; Teplitskiy et al. 2018), is to some extent an attempt to make optimal use of gift exchange in an increasingly fragmented intellectual formation whose members are incentivized to behave like individualistic economic agents.	1
Interestingly, the results of our study, which was preregistered and conducted with a relatively large sample, showed that the geographical bias might not be as pronounced as thought previously (Song et al., 2010; Thaler et al., 2015).	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-0473.htm	0
For the purpose of this study, intramural reviews, including statistical, were not considered.	0
This supports our claim that the model and methodology presented here can be used to characterize the emergent nature of a topic while it is emerging.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016 5	0
We also toured the IURV and its research facilities, which enabled observation of operations by the interview team.	0
The explication of insider-outsider positionality in the publishing field is my theoretical contribution to Bourdieu's work on the social reproduction of inequality and the agents' maneuvering for mobility.	1
As such, whereas previous measures of business ethics journal quality were based on citation analysis and researcher perceptions, this project contributes a practical application dimension to journal assessment, as IDJ lists of journal quality are mechanisms through which departmental journal assessments are applied to decision making.	1
The statistical analyses are performed using the SAS procedure PROC NLIN [23].	0
The interpretation of the indicators is dependent on the client's needs.	0
So, new forms of citation analysis definitely have a role to play in assessing the societal impacts from research.	1
When multiple results were returned, we selected the result based on max score.	0
This score is derived from the weighted scores of individual indicators (sources) by algorithms and is shown in “Appendix 1”.	0
This manuscript shows that the number of authors of scientific articles in the software engineering domain is increasing.	1
YORAM NEUMANN is Associate Director, Centre for Applied Social Science and Assistant Professor of Sociology at Boston University.	0
AAI has been applied for alternative ranking of journals in many disciplines, such as finance [20,35–37], accounting [19,20,38] and economics [39–42], etc.	1
A number of papers written over the last 15 years have hinted at its presence but, to our knowledge, this is the first study to show that the effect is large and pervasive.	1
Within the limitations, the current study presents a comprehensive overview of the top-cited RCTs in children and adolescents published in dental journals using a bibliometric approach.	1
In addition, this study uses research method entities in academic papers as the measurement unit.	1
Within surgical oncology, little data has been published on objective benchmarks for academic promotion.	1
All authors contributed to the article and approved the submitted version.	0
A notable finding is the impact of government restrictions on using research funds for publications with three specific publishers - MDPI, Hindawi, and Frontiers.	1
1 | Research methodology workflow (Sources: Zupic & ?ater, 2015; Donthu et al., 2021).	0
1 Centro de Investiga??o e Interven??o Social, Instituto Universitário de Lisboa (ISCTE-IUL), Lisboa, Portugal	0
However, academic journals in specific disciplines have not received the same attention.	1
This new bibliometric specialty is necessary because of new trends in scientific assessment, which have moved analysis away from old bibliometrics (based on journal analysis and Impact Factor) towards new bibliometrics that analyze both documents and authors via a mix of indicators.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Figure 1 shows the sketch of the important citation identification framework proposed in this paper.	0
5 Comparison between the visits to papers published 7 and 60 days	0
12 The percentage (ratio) in the articles with 9 and 16 authors is 0 because of the small number of articles and rounding up.	0
Moreover, we seek to make a novel contribution to valuation research with our empirical study, using conference ethnography to show how values are enacted and Bourdieusian theory to explain the observed valuation practice.	1
A detailed case for these premises is not possible in the available space.	0
This is the essence of the argument that we present in this paper.	1
some extent, usefulness and/or applicability by virtue of being cited by others, although many exceptions exist.	0
Our model shows that the probability for a scientist to participate in a given conference series strongly depends on the balance between the number of participations and non-participations during his/her early connections with the community.	1
Our objective was to propose a list of seminal papers deemed to be of major importance in ecology, thus providing a general 'must-read' list for any new ecologist, regardless of particular topic or expertise.	1
Using innovative Machine Learning techniques we create a vector representation for the PACS codes and we use them to represent the relative movements of the various domains of Physics in a multi-dimensional space.	1
The institutional review board (IRB) of the NIH Office of Human Subjects Research Protections provided an IRB exemption for this study.	0
Therefore, to overcome the shortcomings of previous studies, this paper introduces a novel MPA framework.	1
Originality/value – This paper modifies the relevant indicators of knowledge diffusion and constructs a measurement framework of knowledge diffusion from four aspects: breadth, intensity, speed and theme.	1
(For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)	0
(2009), Evaluating the Productivity of Researchers and their Communities: the RP-Index and the CP-Index, International Journal of Computer Science and Applications, 6 (2), pp 104–118."	0
Second, comparisons of multiple metrics can help us gauge the convergent validity of each one.	1
A log-rank test and Wilcoxon (Gehan-Breslow) test for the equality of survivor functions both show p values below .001, confirming that there are significant differences between the curves analyzed.	0
Line is a LOESS (locally estimated scatterplot smoothing) curve with 95% confidence intervals (in grey).	0
(For interpretation of reference to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)	0
This study found, however, that, for the six subject journal title subsets that are identified from the overarching collection, the articles written and locally cited correlation for these six subject discipline subsets matches very closely with their associated department or program ranking in the U.S.	1
However, the coefficient of Female is significant in column 4 but is insignificant in column 5.	0
On average over the six years, the best two procedures – namely, the sub-field mean normalization and the two-parameter scheme – decrease the relative importance of the IDCP term from, approximately, 13%, to 2.9% and 1.3% after normalization – a remarkable improvement.	1
The percentages of readings from these sources are shown in Figure 11.	0
The core purpose of the paper is to bring new insights into the field of OGD by a bibliometric study.	1
Thus, this study adds to the recent literature examining how individual researchers perceive institutional incentives.	1
Using the case of translational medicine, this paper suggests that analyses which treat these models as a primarily epistemic interventions miss the way that new approaches are increasingly shaped by specific financial and commercial agendas.	1
Finally, this study explores the moderating effects of dependence on external knowledge on the linkages between research areas and academic collaboration.	1
A summary and analysis of these results can be found below.	0
For these reasons, the results of this study should be handled with caution if they are used in an evaluative context.	0
In this paper, we propose a multi-source information harvesting CRIS to address the challenges confronted by research institutions' management staff when the participation of their faculty to compile research data in their information systems is insufficient.	1
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
The Web has become a major information source both in everyday and in professional life.	0
The admissibility of the results was checked at every run of the models to verify that (1) the algorithm converged, (2) all absolute standardized loading estimates were smaller than or equal to 1, (3) the construct VCV was positive semi-definite, (4) all reliability estimates were smaller than or equal to 1, and (5) The model-implied indicator VCV was positive semi- definite (Rademaker and Schuberth 2020).	0
A comparison of the proposed and conventional approaches showed that the proposed approach works well, with results far better (99 % precision and 95 % recall) than the target implicitly set in previous studies.	1
The support provided by the Major Project of National Social Science Fund (No.17ZDA292) is acknowledged.	0
2National Institute for Cancer Research of Genoa, Genoa, and Alleanza Contro il Cancro, Rome;	0
Finally, from the perspective of academic evaluation, the findings of this study show that citation indicators essentially reflect academic impact rather than research quality, so they will be affected by external factors such as the discipline consistency of published journals.	1
(2014) to reflect the patenting activity of Spain together with the activity of the Basque Country, a highly industrialised region in Spain, for the time interval 2000–2006.	1
However, there has been little use of bibliometric analyses to assess academic organizations and individual researchers in this field of science.	1
Level 3 map showing the context of organic thin film transistors within nanoscience in 2006	0
To fill this gap, we propose a methodology based on bi-layer network analytics that characterizes emerging general-purpose technologies.	1
A new methodology for the scientometric assessment of scientific performance has been introduced to overcome these negative trends.	1
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
Downloaded from ssc.sagepub.com at WESTERN OREGON UNIVERSITY on May 24, 2015 597	0
journals using letters or a combination of letters and numbers as issue numbers), publication month information is decided on a case-by-case basis.	0
Second, we propose a novel Q seashore walk model.	1
All authors revised the paper and contributed substantially to the final draft of the manuscript.	0
Despite their particular organizational features, their very large resource requirements, and their relevance for nations' science policy LSRFs are strikingly under researched.	1
use of knowledge) of higher education research communities in four Asian countries.	1
As is obvious from the table, the rankings for citation measures can be seen to differ significantly from those for publication measures.	0
In this work, we intend to study the paper titles from another perspective—measuring and quantifying over a century's evolution of conceptual diversity in the titles of a discipline.	1
These were historical, in which details of past research were the important issue.	0
Digital Scholarship in the Humanities Advance Access published June 23, 2015	0
Hence, this article proposes 'crowd-authoring' an approach wherein a global pool of scholars work together to compile an article.	1
Our work in this study provided a thorough and in-depth picture on the status quo and evolution of the platform research, and also predicted the future tendency in this field.	1
Of course, in actual practice there is not a clear distinction between eligibles and noneligibles, and the numbers certainly vary according to subspecialties.	0
If you wish to distribute this article to others, you can order high-quality copies for your colleagues, clients, or customers by clicking here.	0
The proportion of unfunded articles for each field did not vary statistically in the period of study (1987 to 1991), by the chi-square contingency test.	0
The Upper Atmospheric Research Collaboratory (http://www.si.umich.edu/sparc/) and the Environmental Molecular Sciences Collaboratory (http://www.emsl.pnl.gov/) are good examples.	0
I apologize for this error, which was likely related to a transcription error in journal abbreviations and unique listing of journals by databases.	0
With the comparable data of OA and non-OA articles from the same journal, we could make a better comparative analysis between OA and non-OA articles.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study comparing the methodological quality of studies published in OA and non-OA journals using NOS and AMSTAR scales that have been widely used to judge the overall quality of conduction of observational epidemiologic studies, and systematic reviews and meta-analysis, respectively.	1
Links between gTLDs divided by the number of pages in the source domain.	0
TC2020: the total number of citations from Web of Science Core Collection since publication year to the end of 2020.	0
The strengths of the study are in its findings that advance knowledge related to gender differences in peer reviewer behaviour, knowledge that has been limited.	1
Of >27,000 last names (for >60,000 academics), that these figures suggest prominent nepotism is at least debatable.	0
Received: 29 March 2019; Accepted: 27 May 2019; Published: 4 June 2019	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—December 2011	0
We call these “penalty areas", since the greater they are, the more an author's performance is penalized.	1
The findings of this study illustrate that a WFC procedure for authorship credit allocation already being used in the sciences may be considered for examining prolific scholarship in the social sciences broadly, and the communication discipline specifically.	1
Here, we introduce a new metric Co-citation Percentile Rank (CPR), that relates the current citation rate of the target output taken at resolution of days since first citable, to the distribution of current citation rates of outputs in its co-citation set, as its percentile rank in that set.	1
We interpret these results as an outcome of the close association between HEI reputation and the network structure of EU-FP participants.	0
Data source: CSTPC database of the Institute of Scientific and Technical Information of China (2006).	0
Kun Lu: This research was conducted while the author was a member of the faculty at the School of Information Management, Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.	0
The dataset used in the current paper is described in "Dataset"section.	0
This table reports the number of highly cited articles by type of journal and citation rank category.	0
The WUI expresses the daily rate of change of the URLs.	0
First, a quantitative approach is proposed to suggest promising research frontiers with both industrial and academic perspective by using scientific papers and patents data.	1
In the next sub-sections, both types are explained, along with their use-cases and application within the database.	0
To the best of our knowledge there is no contribution in the literature which uses only documents in corresponding time intervals together with text processing and information clustering to allow a graph-theoretical treatment of the network of topic relationships of the kind described in this paper.	1
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Our results contribute to the research that aims to understand the variance in support for quantitative indicators in research evaluation.	1
The perpetuation of this librarian-faculty divide, rather than any attempt by either group to close this gap.	0
To our best knowledge, few studies have attempted to systematically reveal the relationships between external factors and international collaboration in the field of AI.	1
We present the characteristics of the articles we included (Table 1).	0
Thus, the current studies assume a more comprehensive methodology to get a bird's eye view about KMRP and its positioning in the knowledge management field.	1
Despite the long history of research in this area, there have been relatively few large-scale global studies of gender and scientific productivity, collaboration, and impact.	1
This variation on the derivative journal strategy provides us with a kind of ‘natural experiment' in which to measure the effect of branding on the visibility of already existing journals, since we can compare their prestige before and after their titles were renamed with the JAMA brand.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
On the basis of a multiple source dataset that covers CV and survey data, this paper showed what decreases or increases the duration towards a full professorship.	1
At the same time, from the perspective of patents, this research not only enriches the methods of technical analysis but has reference value for patent analysis of other technologies.	1
Maru (1976) also points out that "the journal that is never used is without value; one that is often used is valuable."	0
An Excel spreadsheet is used to control and analyse the final data.	0
In the research mentioned in the introduction, humanities have been seen as a whole, but the separation of goals and approaches in the present research has caused the ranking of formats to change based on them.	1
In theory, subject categories at the core are those with the oldest and strongest relationships.	0
A review of the extant literature reveals that no prior studies have thoroughly investigated free-riding within the context of academic co-authorship.	1
This paper presents the first bibliometric analysis of Picea research based on the Web of Science (WoS) and China National Knowledge Infrastruture (CNKI) databases.	1
It elucidates the impact of universities beyond the conventional evaluation methods.	1
This is particularly true for younger researchers who lack experience as authors and reviewers.	0
This study is quite unique in its approach as no research had been previously undertaken to assess the impact of e-journal subscription costs on health and life sciences libraries.	1
We propose a conceptualization of different forms of interdisciplinarity that allows for empirical operationaliza- tion by introducing different dynamics in knowledge pro- duction.	1
This categorization does not require any pre-defined framework for transdisciplinarity and offers an automatic way of definition by data distribution itself.	1
This research proposes a new a new method to measure the research performance of universities.	1
We also propose a quartile similarity measure to specifically explore the homogeneity of JIFs in the regions bordering consecutive quartile classes.	1
However, the authors claim that their account of the emergence of disciplines is the first that can be validated on the basis of empirical data.	1
The submitting university chooses both which researchers and which of their publications to submit.	0
It provides a new perspective on communities by introducing the dichotomy of implicit versus explicit reputation and by approaching the topic of reputation manipulation.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2011 2291	0
Sami Ben Jabeur: Writing - review & editing, Writing - original draft, Software, Resources, Methodology, Investigation, Formal analysis, Data curation, Conceptualization.	0
Belinda Tiffen, Ashley England, Mal Booth, Henry Boateng, University of Technology Sydney, Australia	0
We also show that authors should provide more information to reviewers with more favorable initial valuation toward the research.	1
The theoretical compatibility of these disciplines and their practical synergy give direction to this study.	1
The present study will provide novel information on this subject matter to complement findings reported in previous studies on ISLS.	1
“Results” section analyzes the results of the work and section "Conclusions” summarizes the main findings and conclusions of the article.	0
The proposed author relationship mining method based on tripartite citation analysis could also be an effective method for discovering future relationships among scholars and promoting scientific communication and innovation development.	1
We first discuss the results of the analysis of using the 419 patents downloaded from USPTO with the search string “CPC/Y02E10/541”, and turn thereafter to the larger set of 3,428 records downloaded with this CPC from PatStat for the comparison.	0
The survey data will be utilized to improve library services and develop intra-institutional collaborations in scholarly communication, research networking, and research impact.	1
Received April 11, 2013; revised June 3, 2013; accepted June 4, 2013	0
This algorithm is easily reproducible annually with publicly available information and therefore provides a tool in the future for departments to focus efforts toward increasing academic productivity in a longitudinal fashion.	1
INFORMS is the largest professional society in the world for professionals in the fields of operations research, management science, and analytics.	0
Received 29 June 2017; Received in revised form 10 October 2017; Accepted 14 November 2017	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsim20	0
Reflections on scientific collaboration (and its study): past, present, and future.	0
No other study to date has conducted a complete and extensive review of all these journals together.	1
The sizeable differences between weight and size ratios offer a new and critical perspective on the weighting schemes currently used in PRFS, also in other countries.	1
The proposed hypothesis is that a relationship exists between the content of research articles that cite a resource and the content of a resource.	1
Numbers in parentheses are expected citations if no relationship existed between the variables.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Among the 443 articles included in this study, 104 were published in 2013, 215 in 2014, and 124 in 2015.	0
The important difference between the Rk-index and the h-index, along with its derivatives, is that the latter use the number of citations in conjunction with the ranks in the lists of local papers (country, institution, or researcher) to calculate the indicator.	1
Hang Yi1t, Yang Cao2t, Qihao Leng3, Yan Wang, Guochao Zhang1*, Yousheng Mao ID 1,*	0
Table 5 Distribution (%) of interviewees by geographical area of employment and opinions expressed on work experience abroad	0
Therefore, it seems that the impact of articles produced during the crisis was non-significantly lower than that of articles published before crisis.	1
Yanchao Li, the University of Manchester, for improving the language of the article.	0
Approved the final version of the manuscript on behalf of all authors: Silvestre.	0
This suggests that focusing on the citation links in a specific field (here: scientometrics as represented by the journal Scientometrics) is a promising approach for improving existing disruption indicators.	1
I argue that the main contribution of the synchronic model is that it seems like publications in top journals are very important in the process of attaining excellence in addition to publication volume.	1
The derivation of such a conceptual model and its application among doctoral students and doctoral supervisors in the Romanian economic sciences represent the distinctive elements of the paper.	1
The proposed CORE method takes account of “core + extension” structure to recognize collaborative teams, which firstly evaluated collaborative relationships quantitatively with a new index CII.	1
We showed that there is a roughly 25% increase in the number of citations for articles which also appeared in working paper series.	1
Our study may be considered an initial effort to shed some light on the ways that grant selection processes can be made more efficient in the future.	1
Additionally, the article aims to expand the findings of previous studies by examining the collaboration patterns of authors in Vietnam's SSH, both domestically and internationally.	1
These data can include a site's age or number of times the page has been archived.	0
This paper aims to contribute a deepened understanding of origins, motives, and challenges in Western–Chinese research collaborations amid recent geopolitical tensions, and to detail the implications for the management of such collaborations.	1
We suggest that “critical transitions” can be used to indicate disruption at the regime level, whereas disruption is developed at the trajectory level.	1
All the major life science journals appear in English, even though they may originally have been published as national journals of non-English-speaking nations.	0
A discussion is held regarding the effects of providing young promising researchers with sufficient funding, and the cost of failing to do so.	0
This article introduces a new indicator to measure the balance in collaboration profiles (BIC).	1
However, few studies have considered the strategic patterns of latecomers that are trying to augment the academic output of their HEP research.	1
The simple and flexible (Bouabid in Scientometrics 88:199–211, 2011.	1
For Example 1, these relative contributions are illustrated in Table 2.	0
In order to ensure informant anonymity when discussing what was said in the interviews, we use pseudonyms in the reminder of this paper.	0
This paper presents a client library that fully implements their API and enables quick and easy access to information, which is relevant for literature reviews as well as the scientific field of scientometrics.	1
This study exploited the strengths of both machine learning and bibliometric indicator approaches for emerging topic prediction.	1
Regional and national innovation policies often conflict, diminishing the effect of potentially helpful programs.	1
Such insights take us closer to uncovering approaches for searching for and recombining yesterday's ideas into tomorrow's acclaimed discoveries (6, 7).	1
Table 7 Average difference in performance, by percentile ranks, between top scientists identified on the basis of ICI and the rest of the population: analysis by disciplinary area.	0
We looked for disciplines that at some point in our sampling horizon have shown interest in economics and/or other social sciences.	0
This research first uses the potential application of bibliometric approach by using VOSViewer and Biblioshiny in the Bibliometrix R-package to address the current status of observed field, research contexts, knowledge domain such as the most influential scholars, core journals, major trends, and research hotspots in the global level.	1
Overall, our study reveals new aspects of work concerning coronavirus and COVID-19.	1
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
Note that these keywords are translated from Chinese into English according to the Chinese “Great Dictionary of Library and Information Science” (2014).	0
The author has proposed two new indices: P-index as the prime index and V-index as the value added per author index.	1
We propose a normalized citation indicator that compares 'actual' impact factor with 'expected' impact factor, based on the citation potential of its topic, i.e.	1
We build upon and extend scholarship in this area by focusing on IDR explicitly.	1
Please note that this paper builds upon our previous work in Arnaboldi et al.	0
Some of the results were comments about paper mills rather than the websites of paper mills.	0
This letter proves the interest of scientists in writing and citing letters to the editor and shows the importance of letters to the editor for worldwide scientific community.	1
The size of the label/circle of an item was determined by the weight of the item.	0
The choice of LDA was strategic; it was selected due to its suitability for analyses that do not require the integration of covariates or structures.	0
The ACTION principles highlight crucial measures in promoting a standard, such as ORCID.	1
This manuscript reports on all retractions until August 2019, as reported on PubMed.	1
It is the first study to quantify how many citations highly cited scientists accrue, relationships between scientific productivity and scientific quality, and how various research strategies and publication practices contribute to these outcomes.	1
This article presents the results of a comparative analysis of these manifestos.	1
They prove that preconceived ideas about foreign language usage from general citation studies do not provide reliable templates for local acquisition decisions.	1
Apparent declines in recent years must be interpreted with caution as additional papers may be retracted in the future, thereby reversing this decline.	0
The theory of the previous section is now applied to the four IEEE publications.	0
It improves upon prior metrics such as the h-index in that it is field-normalized, allowing for more accurate comparisons of author productivity between fields.	1
Texas A&M University at Galveston, 200 Seawolf Parkway, Galveston, TX 77553-1675, USA	0
The paper offers data to support the contention that legal scholarship is characterised by regionalism in academic publishing and citation patterns.	1
The approach to these challenges produced a type of collaborative practice for which we use the word "undisciplinary” that we develop in more detail in this article.	1
By adding faculty publication records to the self-reported faculty input, this study demonstrated the value of library resources.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsep20	0
No doubt it would have been advantageous to advance a probability model with a less restrictive postulate, yet it is common practice in mathematical modeling to admit a set of 'simplifying assumptions' that may be less than fully realistic.	0
By using a more extensive information set and building on a novel network approach in the field of comparative research, this manuscript provides a deeper insight into aspects of the relationships among disciplines, and between those disciplines and countries' economic development.	1
IBM SPSS statistics software version 26 was used for data analyses.	0
Although there is a growing body of research on social media, only few studies have considered organic products.	1
Acknowledgments This work is supported by National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant No.	0
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
Here, we offer three initial, interrelated contributions: (1) a novel conceptual framework linking scientific discourse to the topics and rhetoric of written texts; (2) a generalizable and scalable text analysis methodology to detect and measure topic structure, focus, and newness as well as four distinct rhetorical signals; and (3) a demonstration of the value of this framework and methodology for empirically analyzing the scientific impact of a defined thought collective with a bounded corpus.	1
From the Department of Emergency Medicine, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI.	0
(Although rates are lower for the 2013 issue, it hasn't been out long enough to accrue many citations.)	0
colocation teamworks, university-industry teamwork [8] and is nomologically valid, especially with relation to individual researcher's productivity.	1
First, we use a simplicial complex approach to depict scientific collaboration networks, which helps to capture group interactions and higher-order structural properties that cannot be obtained in the conventional dyadic view.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first citation analysis of the top-cited orthopaedic articles originating from mainland China.	1
Specifically in the humanities collaborative authorship has been frowned upon in favour of the individual author.	0
A zero-inflation based modelling approach helps to overcome this problem of not being able to identify the true identity of a given record as belonging to that of a publishing or non-publishing academic by introducing into the modelling process an underlying process – process Z – that generates two types of zeroes: a structural zero when dealing with a non-publishing academic and a true zero when dealing with a publishing academic.	1
Conflicts of interest are listed at the end of this article.	0
As an important component of prediction for research papers, we have also presented a novel instance-based learning model for classification of research papers.	1
The current paper proposed to view this as a separate research field and attempted to delineate it using bibliometric data and state-of-the-art text analysis methodology.	1
For research valuation purposes, the value of various social web statistics should be validated.	0
The term “publish or perish", initially coined by Coolidge [18], is now becoming a harsh reality.	0
Zero plain entropy implies that an author worked in a single field throughout her career whereas a high value indicates that she has worked in various fields in different time spans of her career.	0
Acknowledgments This work was supported by the European Commission under the FP7 Grant No.	0
The theoretical frequency of highly cited papers in Nobel Prize citation ranges can be estimated for most countries and institutions (see below), which opens up a new approach to research assessments.	1
2 Note that the North-West University in this paper refers to the information of the Potchefstroom campus only.	0
By expanding the bibliometric dataset beyond existing efforts, this study, therefore, revisits this question from a multidimensional perspective that pushes beyond simple measures of geolingual distribution.	1
Steps could be taken by the awarding scientific societies to reduce the impact of these biases, but in the meantime individual award committees can employ some of the strategies we outline in this article.	1
First, we extend our understanding of communities by introducing the concept of explicit reputation.	1
Our study reveals the existence of a growing research community in which collaboration is increasingly important.	1
A study of the citations of these four information science journals would identify which disciplines cite information science journals and could be very helpful in understanding the relationship between subject areas of information science and other subject disciplines and further reveal the knowledge flowing out of this field.	1
Another distinguishing feature of RISC is its system of author profiles.	1
In Section 5 of the paper, we conclude the research work based on the analysis of our experimental results.	0
(MICs) will be used to refer to the combination of both groups where appropriate.	0
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.	0
Using the new DORF and BRINTT rubrics will give the reader a more accurate behind-the-scenes picture of modern-day published medical research.	1
This study examines what happens when an innovation is thought to be contradicting established norms of practice.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
We propose to measure interdisciplinarity of Slovenian researchers using two indicators, computed on 2-mode networks N P-r :	1
In response to these issues, we argue, in this paper, that a percentile and stochastic-based approach can effectively address the merge of the two databases and their articles' citation impact information.	1
We believe the improved filtration and curation of new knowledge will come through the combination of three elements: machine learning, crowd-sourcing, and new digital platforms.	1
Acknowledgments: The authors offer their gratitude to the outstanding, enthusiastic faculty of Boston University (BU), who are central to the development of ARCs and research progress.	0
We therefore propose to integrate the existing h-index method that balance the number of publications and the number of citations each publication receives with lobby index (Korn et al.	1
The aim of this study is to provide an alternative, transparent and authentic perspective on the performance of educational research in Australia.	1
I sit down on the chair across her desk, while she types on her computer.	0
As reviewed in “Introduction" section, the data issue is always an obstacle for research on the topic of science inequality.	0
This article aims to heighten the awareness, in not only Chinese researchers but also the rest of the science community, about the gravity of the author name ambiguity problem and the importance of their joint efforts to solve the problem.	1
We suggest drawing from public health models designed to prevent the spread of biological viruses and compare the strengths and weaknesses of the current governance model of professional self-regulation with a proposed public health governance model.	1
The average number of citations C and the median number of citations Cm of papers in each 5-day editorial delay box versus the average editorial delay are also plotted.	0
6 For examples of other analyses using this approach see Conti and Dorein (2010) and Cross et al.	0
To read or post commentaries in response to this article, see it online at http://www.annfammed.org/cgi/content/full/5/2/143.	0
Instead of using price as the determinant of market balance, the article highlights the quality of publications as the measure.	1
The status of published adult hip research is unclear despite its importance, even though the publication status of other medical fields has frequently been investigated.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wser20	0
We developed a prototype template to qualitatively assess a reference's importance to the citing paper and tested it on 96 papers.	1
It also suggests rewarding researchers based on their overall performance rather than solely on their publication record.	1
Received 29 July 2005; received in revised form 2 August 2005; accepted 13 August 2005	0
This study sets a record of 40,957 citations studied; the previous record of 29,305 citations was set by Taylor et al.	1
To help offer a viable alternative, we propose a new measure called the TS score that we argue has a variety of strengths for capturing the translational nature of basic research.	1
Rummaging in the graveyard of sociological studies on academic elites, this article has taken up an almost forgotten theoretical claim made by Whitley (1976)—that the elite structure is analogous to the overall structure of a discipline—and subjected it to empirical scrutiny.	1
This paper was presented at the AOTS ASM 2016 and the AOA ASM 2016.	0
To the authors’ knowledge, the current proposal represents the first attempt to measure the research efficiency (i.e.	1
One of the most striking findings is the unexpected negative relationship between average years of schooling and research output in blockchain and privacy.	1
Broad inclusion of journals and broad timeframe used for data collection can be considered strengths of the study design.	1
The model identifies critical causal and intervening conditions responsible for the coping strategies faculty and students employ, which, in our study, appear to often produce unfortunate consequences for all involved.	1
Although international comparisons are limited by the availability of systematic data for author country affiliations, the new indicator is the most precise yet and can give statistical evidence rather than estimates.	1
Received 21 April 2022; Received in revised form 8 July 2022; Accepted 23 July 2022	0
Then each department is assigned an ascending numerical rank (the average rank in the case of the equal scores).	0
Second, we are the first to employ topic modeling techniques to consistently measure the evolution of ideas in econometrics over an extended period.	1
However, academia often criticizes the peer review system as non-transparent, biased, arbitrary, a flawed process at the heart of science, leading to researchers arguing with its reliability and quality.	0
In our paper, for each of the examined scientific areas we have taken into account the following evaluated products: articles published in journals, books, and chapter of books.	0
The only exception is our earlier study (Harzing 2013) using the same sample of Nobel Prize winners.	1
Additionally, this study references the current and future research fields of studies on COVID-19 VE, which sets it apart from other studies.	1
Boxplots for self-citations per journal, study type, and topic are illustrated in Figs.	0
This crisis shows the importance of these open science practices.	1
Snapshot of Landscapes within Edith Cowan University's institutional repository (Research Online) using Digital Commons as the host.	0
(While Google and Google Scholar both retrieved 31 total full-text articles, the articles found were different across platforms.)	0
Supplementary material associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:10.1016/j.jdent.2024.105407.	0
This work takes advantage of scientific collaboration networks of two big scholarly data sets, i.e., APS and DBLP including 621,493 scholars and 2,646,941 collaboration records to study scholars' academic-age-aware strategies and their dynamics in different historical times.	1
The institutional review board (IRB) at An-Najah National University does not require submission of an IRB application for a bibliometric study.	0
To our knowledge, no other studies in medical education have featured a time-based analysis of resident research impact.	1
1a: an impinging or striking especially of one body against another.	0
This study addresses variations in citation prediction across journals and confirms that references can predict article citations in the COVID-19 epidemic.	1
Availability of data and materials All data used in this study are available in Reference.	0
Today, the impact and importance of research publications and authors can be successfully followed through web services, of which the three most known are:	0
2Department of Nutrition and Dietetics, School of Health and Sport Sciences, University of the Sunshine Coast, Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia	0
An evaluation using the system of citations implies an evaluation of papers in the same spirit as journals are evaluated.	0
A main contribution of this study is to present a novel ranking metric focused on multifaceted parameters for the assessment of the research performance of scientists.	1
For a description of the role of citation analysis for evaluative means, see e.g.	0
We employed network analysis and developed a novel indicator (LinkScore) to quantify gendered authors' knowledge integration capacity.	1
FIC programs should consider including support to research networks more systematically in their capacity development agenda.	1
However, little is known about the nature and extent of this practice in the field of psychiatry.	1
This article may provide a method to predict who will play critical roles in a given field in the future.	1
Social media is not replacing traditional scholarly material, but rather is enhancing their use.	1
Our overarching goal in this paper is to provide an understanding of the steps involved with using the Wayback Machine in social science research based on our experience in this project.	1
Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore	0
How to cite this article: Ruan QZ, Ricci JA, Silvestre J, Ho OA, and Lee BT.	0
Surprisingly, to date, the existing literature has not delved into this specific question.	1
First, by analyzing the effect on GRIs of changes in funding methods from block grants to open individual funding, it found that the type of research funding affects the productivity of scientific research.	1
A key contribution of our method is the elimination of the need to assign a publication to a discipline when measuring its impact.	1
clinical practice relates in large part to its ability to eliminate sources of bias.	0
We employ principal-agent theory to increase our understanding of the relationship between impact policies and scientific practice.	1
Finally, there is a growing body of large-data metrics, most prominently the GBD that, whatever its origins in World Bank development strategies, and whatever the critiques that continue to be raised against it, now produces data that numerous different groups use for their own distinctive purposes.	1
In contrast, the Italian Agency for the Evaluation of Universities and Research (Anvur, the State Agency in charge of organizing the exercise) has direct access to micro level information on all researchers involved in the evaluation, research output as well as referees engaged in the peer review process.	1
Our report provides useful insight into the history and development of diabetes research, and it lays a basis for further studies.	1
In this paper, for the first time, multiple cities were used as spatial analysis units to study the main influencing factors of inter-regional biomedical R&D cooperation in China, with the.	1
Received 12 July 2019; Received in revised form 27 September 2019; Accepted 7 October 2019	0
In this section we report on the results obtained from our scientometric analysis of 15 years of CSCW research and discuss the main findings.	0
Some empirical investigations were conducted in order to shed light on these matters.	0
In this work, we adopt a network structure perspective, rather than the text analysis method, but we too aim to broaden the understanding of the innovation processes that underlie scientific breakthroughs.	1
This study makes several contributions: (1) It is grounded in the research of green innovation in China.	1
Another novel feature of this study is that forecast accuracy is measured using Critical Success Index (CSI), a metric widely used in weather forecasting [7].	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at http://www.emerald-library.com/0022-0418.htm	0
This work was supported by the National Research Foundation of Korea (NRF) grant funded by the Korea government (MSIP) (2013R1A2A1A09004699).	0
The second factor is, “By which methodology should interdisciplinarity be measured?”.	0
Second, we examine current data policies, making associations regarding the decisions and actions of research stakeholders and the effect on good research data management (RDM) practice as reflected in published articles.	1
Our findings thus suggest that, if promotion committees use bibliometric indicators for measuring researchers’ scientific performance, they can produce accurate and fair assessments only by explicitly taking into account the number of co-authors and the positions in the bylines of the researchers’ publications.	1
In other words, the chi-square test for independence is used to see “whether distributions of categorical variables differ from each other” (Statistics How To, 2020).	0
In order to fill the gaps and provide a comprehensive visualization concerning the recent intellectual landscape and research hotspots of self-sufficient fish feed production using agri-food wastes and by-products and its relation to sustainable development and the blue economy, we performed knowledge domain visualization or scientography through the approach of bibliometric analysis.	1
Three years ago, very few publishers provided usage statistics data for their published articles.	0
Our study shows Foreign language enjoyment (FLE) is the most frequently explored emotion, followed by foreign language classroom anxiety (FLCA), the learners’ metaphorical left and right feet on their journey to acquiring the foreign language (Dewaele and MacIntyre, 2016).	1
No grants or funding (save for a salary paid by the Department of Sociology) has been received for this work.	0
By identifying the features of highly cited articles in this field, a clear view of the top authors and publications and widely used topics was provided.	1
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
Increasing the role of institutional repositories within assessment exercises, institutional CRIS and national research networks is becoming more clear, partially thanks to new technical solutions and international standards.	1
The principal finding of our study was that research articles on editorial and publication issues in the biomedical sciences are published in numerous different journals.	1
This study fills the gap by examining article and citation characteristics on a much larger scale.	1
This is still a preliminary investigation at a very aggregated level.	0
It would be premature to make firm conclusions because we are at an early stage in a potentially lengthy study.	0
To understand the elaborate characteristics of multiform international collaboration in the influenza virus vaccine field, this paper constructs a multilayered analytical framework (at the country, city and institution levels) of international scientific collaboration to examine the regional distribution, dynamic changes and common themes of collaboration.	1
Building upon this analysis, our subsequent investigation delves into the methodological approaches— both animal and non-animal models and methods-employed in AD, BC, and PC research funded under past EU framework programs (FP5, FP6, FP7, and H2020), and explored the notable research outputs associated with these approaches.	1
Lastly, much of the research on interdisciplinarity has been conducted in Western countries, where interdisciplinary research institutions tend to be supported by greater resources and have a high degree of organizational independence.	1
We found, for the first time that OA books even more than non-OA books can be useful to the Social Sciences and Humanities disciplines that usually gain fewer citations and engage more social impact for them....	1
The new metrics proposed, include Eigen factor, Audience Factor, Impact Factor, Article Influence and Citations.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1 times since 2016*	0
This paper proposes a nonparametric functional Poisson regression model to describe citation trajectories of individual papers and combines our model with the K-means clustering algorithm for cluster analysis, using the coefficients of the eigenfunctions in our model.	1
The size of the nodes is directly proportional to the number of keywords.	0
The evaluation approach introduced with this article addresses the three aspects and provides remedies by means of fine-grained data, the underlying research design, and an advanced statistical approach.	1
Received: 25 February 2014/Accepted: 19 April 2014/Published online: 1 May 2014	0
The comparative analysis of indicators shows that our new measure provides very different information compared with existing ones.	1
This study adopted the bibliometric analysis approach, which has rarely been used for examining articles on open access journals within the specific context of issues related to document supply.	1
To address these limitations, we sought to examine the changing nature of interdisciplinary work in fisheries science over time through a detailed and more tailored inspection of connections among and between researchers from different disciplines, using papers published from 1990 to 2018 by scientists at a governmental research organization in the United States focused on marine science.	1
The only existing study that focused on usage of Sci-Hub in Poland was a paper based on a very small sample (n = 10 for Poland) of interviewees.	1
Gustafson then cites an excerpt from Representative Bauman's remarks which may be, by any standard, 'bitter' indeed.	0
To some, our work may be seen as yet another departmental ranking or rating study where quantity of scholarship is extolled and quality is excluded.	0
The proposed NFindex has a unique characteristic over the state-of-the-arts indices, which is its capability to achieve ‘fair’ comparisons between research papers regardless of the nature of their corresponding disciplines.	1
The numbers in parenthesis show that the number of papers belong to relevant subject area	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(12):2581–2583, 2010	0
Received: 7 September 2020; Accepted: 23 September 2020; Published: 28 September 2020	0
A comprehensive bibliometric study of FEL factors is presented to provide an overview and understanding of the state of literature's development in the field.	1
To avoid any doubt, let us suppose that the state of a scientific research career is described at each moment by an aggregate of social characteristics of the researcher and his/her practices.	0
Our analysis focuses on the effects of two science policy factors-co-authorship collaboration and researcher funding on the productivity and excellence of Slovenian researchers at the level of research disciplines.	1
By utilizing hitherto unexplored data sources this study addresses a gap in the literature, and gives an important insight into the reward system of science.	1
Amidst these perspectives, this work proposes that the timing of citations is an important consideration in understanding the value of investments in science centers.	1
First, we discuss previous review studies in business ethics and explain how our bibliometric study can improve and complement their findings.	0
Acknowledgements We are grateful to the New Zealand Tertiary Education Commission (TEC) for providing the data, and to Ashley Ball for research assistance in compiling quality scores for universities and disciplines, supported by a VUW research grant.	0
In this paper, our aim is to analyze and discuss imbalances in the expansion of the WoS databases at the level of their disciplinary units and representations, particularly for the Social Sciences and the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI).	1
To our best knowledge, this is the first study to estimate the spatial price index of medical services and measure price differences across 31 provincial regions in China.	1
Physics journals' similarity network in 2014 (list of journals see in Table 1).	0
The present paper aims to address this issue by presenting a detailed comparative analysis of the effects of manipulation not only on the original h-index but also on many of its more prominent variants (see Section 2.2 for details).	1
Received July 7, 2014; revised November 6, 2014; accepted November 7, 2014.	0
For each of them, both the upper bounded and unbounded variants are considered.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first time an analysis of the Irish input to the plastic surgery literature has been carried out.	1
Therefore, we recommend that the relative and size-independent variants (RelAC and RelQ1 JIF) should be additionally presented by the NPG along with the fractionally counted versions RelFC and RelWFC.	1
OO: Conception, data collection, data analysis and interpretation, drafting the article, final approval of manuscript.	0
Conflict of interests The authors declare they have no financial interests.	0
The authors wish to thank George Boyce and Susan Henn of the National Research Council for their assistance in putting together the database.	0
In this study, we focus the time dimension and bring a new perspective for understanding the disagreement over early academic careers.	1
7 The reader should not confuse the italicized LCSH term Science with the equivalent journal.	0
This paper presents the first assessment of quotation errors in history journals.	1
Here, we show that chemical engineers cite journals in WoS' chemical engineering category most, followed by physical chemistry, energy & fuels, multi-disciplinary chemistry, environmental science, and multi-disciplinary materials science.	1
Ismael Rafols acknowledges support from the US National Science Foundation (Award #0830207, "Measuring and Tracking Research Knowledge Integration").	0
This is the first study to evaluate research trends in implantology in the past 40 years by using the H-classics method, which through analyzing via principle bibliometric characteristics reflected a historical perspective on evolutionary mainstream in the field.	1
Currently, there is no, to the best of the authors knowledge, systematic framework available that reflects this ongoing process of editorial collection and invitation.	1
First, I present a new functional specification which ensures that traditional i.i.d.	1
We then match publications to research projects in a novel way by identifying the articles written by the people who work on those research projects, whether or not the articles acknowledge the project itself or are even conducted as part of the project.	1
A few of our findings sharply contradict the well-accepted beliefs on bibliographic research such as “Preferential Attachment”, “first-mover advantage”.	1
Second, this is among the few studies to expand prior research, which limited its bibliometric foci to journal articles and conference papers in the fields of computer science and information science.	1
Based on the reviewed studies in the literature, it could be concluded that most of the studies conducted in Iran have examined the level of co-authorship in articles and drew on social and co-authorship networks in a quantitative way without considering the cooperation of faculty members and students' mediation.	1
Thus findings for the discipline of medicine need to be viewed in this context.	0
In this study we have shown that participation in research ethics training workshops appears to be an effective mechanism for providing undergraduates with much-needed content knowl- edge concerning research ethics as evidenced by students' ability to define key research ethics terms.	1
Was either of them right, metaphorically, about publications from elite business schools?	0
Another direction for future research is understanding why different countries take different approaches to evaluate book outputs.	1
Mathematics Subject Classification 01A90 · 91D30 · 90B10 · 65F30 · 65F35	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The data of F1000 and InCites provide us with the unique opportunity to investigate the relationship between peers' ratings and bibliometric metrics on a broad and comprehensive data set with high-quality ratings.	1
Research presented in this paper gives information for making significant decisions regarding R&D in specific country or region.	1
Perhaps some of these documents would not otherwise be indexed by search engines such as Google, so they would be "invisible" to Web searchers, and clearly some would be similarly invisible to Web of Science users because it is dominated by academic journals.	0
To eliminate the noise caused by these highly cited references, we modify the disruption metric and analyze its performance and robustness.	1
Our conceptual and empirical toolkit may also be useful for future research on DoL in teams.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1 times since 2017*	0
The time duration, in this study, refers to the year when a candidate is nominated for the first time to the year when the candidate receives the award.	0
Linxiao Ma was responsible for writing the original draft, review and editing, and literature collection.	0
Still, no study analyzing the citations advantage of OA journals over non-OA journals in health and medical sciences has been found in India.	1
This demonstrates that differences in growth rates can be explained and comprehended.	0
We propose an easy to apply, universally comparable and fair metric to measure and report co-authors contribution in the scientific literature.	1
1 General distribution of citations as a function of time after publication [after 3]	0
I want to take things further, replacing authorship with four roles.	1
Received: 8 October 2021 / Accepted: 5 April 2022 / Published online: 3 May 2022	0
Practically, an important contribution of the current paper is to introduce the Granger causal inference method to the field of Information Science.	1
In contrast, proposal clarity was a surprisingly effective predictor of proposal success.	1
This study also demonstrates collaboration anomalies in questionable papers and examines indicators of the Russia-based paper mill.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric analysis of the most-cited spine articles from mainland China.	1
Denise Troll Covey is principal librarian for special projects, Carnegie Mellon University Libraries, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA: she may be contacted via e-mail at: troll@andrew.cmu.edu.	0
These “best-fit” lines are not represented on the graphs for the sake of clarity.	0
Other funders interested in pursuing mandates may benefit from understanding the results of our study, and the transparency of publishing our analyses is evidence of our commitment to promoting open research.	1
This study is our preliminary approach to international academic award, which aims to weigh the relative reputations of awards and explore the close or distant relationships between awards.	1
Received 5 April 2024; Received in revised form 22 November 2024; Accepted 19 December 2024	0
This analysis takes one of the first steps in this development and hereby contributes to the emerging mapping of long-term funding changes across countries (Lepori 2006).	1
The model successfully predicts the transitions, as well as many common features of coauthorship networks.	1
Some functionalities are optional, indicated with round braces, while sometimes two different functions can be used to get to the correct answer (indicated with ‘/’).	0
ROLP-curves representing (a?,C?), (ам,см), and (N.CN), where (AL,CL) ≤ (MCM), (AL,CL) ≤ (aN,CN), while (MCM) and (AN,CN) are not comparable.	0
Note: Please display vertically so that chart can be elongated - to make the figures readable	0
This work is not a bibliometric study of any field rather it presents replicable Python scripts to perform network analysis.	1
The small dataset can never truly help to analyze the nature of these indices and it is very difficult to determine the significance and influence of every index over the others.	1
Methodologically, the unique contributions of this study lie in that it employed multiple text mining techniques to delineate to which extent the two research domains are related with each other.	1
So, instead of the bare citation average (or IF), f, we have proposed (Antonoyiannakis, 2018) the standardized average, or Φ index:	1
As usual, problems of this kind are solved backwards, starting with the researcher's problem.	0
We demonstrate how triangulation results, in conjunction with visualization, can lead to a better understanding of the (disciplinary or interdisciplinary) structure of scientific fields.	1
However, one needs to be careful in interpreting bibliometric results on this level of aggregation any- way.	0
Walberg who read several earlier drafts and suggested the spacial presentation of the data.	0
DeepCCP proposes a degree sequence citation network representation method, and uses 4 modules of pre-embedding layer, time delay module, GRU module and convolutional neural network to deeply extract the structure and temporal information of the paper citation network.	1
Table 6 provides descriptive information for the profiles for each of the three waves.	0
ICRT is thus composed of two novel components for (1) estimation of issue-based similarity, and (2) clustering of scholarly articles based on the issue-based similarity.	1
Multiply by 12.5 (20 for Social Sciences and Arts and Humanities) to correct for researchers not using Mendeley	0
This study provides researchers with a new methodological perspective.	1
Here we see one of many possible paths for an article in the decoupled journal.	0
Finally, based on the performance of higher education internationalization, disciplinary concepts, the definition of competitiveness, elements of discipline internationalization and disciplinary features of stomatology, we designed indicators to evaluate international competitiveness in the discipline of stomatology (Table 1).	1
Fellowships in otolaryngology subspecialties are variable in size and scope and include accredited and nonaccredited training programs.	0
Considering the global impact and social distress due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, this study is significant in the present scenario for identifying the growth of scientific literature in this field and evolving of this domain of research around the globe.	1
The law then appeared in print as a brief paper in Zator Technical Bulletin 136 in December, and as an editorial the next year in American Documentation (1960).	0
2009; Brandes and Pich 2011), the appearance of the third group in the main path is surprising.	1
The importance of regional networks for HIV research in public administration and governance	0
Cite this article: Banerjee S, Guedj J, Ribeiro RM, Moses M, Perelson AS.	0
Conflict of interest The author has no competing interests or conflicts of interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
In this article, we define the key authors, key publication sources, and key research groups using the bibliometric method and provide a social networking analysis based on the data set of scholarly documents on social tagging.	1
Based on theoretical and empirical analyses, ARM-KB can be used as a valuable new technique or a supplement to traditional bibliometrics in the exploration of scientific frontiers.	1
In Section 2 we establish the notation used in our analysis.	0
This allows us to construct a new type of departmental ranking system that can be compared with other, more traditional systems which focus on the publications of faculty members at a particular department.	1
Rodriguez, MS,d Herbert Van de Sompel, PhD,d and Johan Bollen, PhDd	0
We propose two measures that capitalize on the notion of density providing researchers alternative evaluations of their work.	1
This short communication reported the existence of bibliometric database errors concerning DOI indexing.	1
2 School of Psychology, National Research University Higher School of Economics, 20 Myasnitskaya Ulitsa, Moscow, Russia 101000	0
First, it provides an updated comparison of publications against disease burden that results in new findings regarding the relative lack of investment in diseases with high burden in middle-income countries.	1
1 Centre for Evidence in Transplantation, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, United Kingdom.	0
The RCR is a novel metric that utilizes dynamic field normalization to improve upon limitations of other indices such as the h-index.	1
Journal articles serve an important function in provid- ing scientists with information about new ideas and discoveries in their areas of interest.	0
Let us shed a light on some of the prominent automatic citation classification schemes.	0
Importantly and unlike other fields of medicine, self-citation was found to be more prevalent in journals with a lower IF and also with lower corrected IF.	1
To illustrate this point I utilize a common method to get an indication of the potential usefulness of a predictor/prediction model by examining prediction accuracy and prediction errors: Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROC) analysis (Fawcett, 2006).	1
List of Iranian journals in ISI indexed system with known impact factor (2007-2010).	0
The second, and novel, metric used in this study is the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index (HHI), which is considered as an index of keyword concentration since it measures the size of each keyword relative to the size of the entire set of keywords selected by authors in a journal.	1
This article puts forth a new indicator of emerging technological topics as a tool for addressing challenges inherent in the evaluation of interdisciplinary research.	1
These are intended to complement the guidelines produced by the Committee on Publications Ethics and the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors.	1
Received: 11 December 2022 Revised: 30 March 2023 Accepted: 23 April 2023	0
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
This article describes one library school's adoption of a faculty promotion and tenure policy—with evaluative criteria—that strongly and clearly supports OA publishing.	1
Therefore, the study of its evolution between the April and November versions may be contextualised in relation to language, a novel aspect in this type of study.	1
Abbreviations in the table are: 2StepR two step reach, ReachE reach efficiency, nBroke normalized brokerage, nEgoBe normalized ego betweenness	0
The proposed KDR method allows for the retrieval of a larger quantity of publication and citation data from the entire database relating to Environmental Sciences instead of being limited to data relating to source titles classified as a particular subject field by the chosen database, which is often viewed as inaccurate (Wagner et al., 2011).	1
The h-index is calculated in Scopus and the Web of Science.	0
It is clear that h = 16 for this author at this time.	0
This latter problem is taken into account in few studies, with an adjustment of the estimates through an iterative process (see, e.g., Laband and Piette 1994, Kalaitzidakis et al.	0
However, no studies specifically investigate the actual or potential role of academic libraries in this region for helping to combat predatory publishing.	1
The choice for 10 publications was based on the in- spection of the distribution of the RTG, which ap- peared to resemble a normal distribution3 without too many outliers when at least 10 publications were required.	0
Section 2 of this paper provides a discussion of the underlying reasons for increasing coauthorship and provides intuitive reasoning as to why coauthorship should increase article production.	0
Bibliometric analysis and mapping provides an innovative way of quantifying and visualizing the plethora of research conducted using BRFSS data and summarizing the contribution of this surveillance system to public health.	1
By contrast, we find starkly differing impacts of these text characteristics on funding outcomes across our institutional settings.	1
Importantly, we provide an automated methodology for HEIs to track SDG-related publications, analyze current interdisciplinary publications, and identify potential interdisciplinary research collaborations.	1
Acknowledgements This article is based upon work from COST Action TD1306 “New Frontiers of Peer Review", supported by COST (European Cooperation in Science and Technology).	0
Krueger Thomas.krueger@tamuk.edu 201 Business Administration Building, Department of Accounting and Finance, College of Business Administration, Texas A&M University - Kingsville, Kingsville, TX 78363, USA.	0
Received 22 April 2024; Received in revised form 4 September 2024; Accepted 9 September 2024	0
For this reason, we translated the "emerging topics detection” mission to a “cover paper selection" problem.	1
Results will be presented by parameters used to calculate total rank by Aguillo's methodology.	0
I thank Ms H Vanhooren for her help in retrieving articles.	0
The arrow indicates that the later innovation built upon the earlier one	0
Figure 4: Yearly Citation Distribution of HIB4-[Waite], their AW, and ACs	0
In Okulicz-Kozaryn (2013), the frequencies of adjectives and adverbs were calculated together.	1
The five horizontal lines in each box represent the maximum, third quartile, median, first quartile and minimum amount of citations.	0
This paper does not evaluate the broad and multidimensional case for and against tenure.	1
In literature, the CHH index has been often used to measure multidisciplinarity, although, to the best of our knowledge, not on Scopus subject areas (SAs).	1
It is evident that before organisations are monitored against a given set of indicators, they need time to realize expected reforms.	1
However, our experts also offered unique perspectives previously not well-covered by HCI literature on e-waste, particularly with Lubari, Lu, and Choi, who spoke to evolving e-waste practices in non-WEIRD countries.	1
The investigation yielded positive results, which foster our confidence in the integrity of FSR's peer-review process.	1
Therefore, we consider that the AAI is a method that provides an alternative ranking for journals besides other citation and survey-based ranking measures.	1
It should be born in mind that these figures are rough estimations, as the errors in the identification of the paper drain are not evenly distributed across the different subject categories.	0
The deviance is not severe, since the vast majority of articles from Yugoslavia in the WoS are indexed in the SCIE.	0
Downloaded from https://www.pnas.org by NANJING AGRICULTURAL UNIVERSITY on May 19, 2025 from IP address 112.86.229.35.	0
This fact alone argues for greater examination of foundations, while the new strategic research funding model, primarily utilized by private foundations and based on venture capital investing, is radically changing the ways in which academic research is conducted and commercialized.	1
Despite these limitations, we present evidence that, at least according to the metrics we considered, ARRA enabled NHLBI to support additional R01 grants that were just as productive—in terms of citation impact per dollar—as payline-supported R01 grants.	1
Table 1 Social network analysis (SNA) indicators used in this study for characterizing global co-authorship network	0
As noted by an anonymous reviewer, this raises the issue of whether such evaluations are worth conducting if contracts (particularly for bundled packages) prohibit making changes.	0
The list of subject areas and their categories can be consulted in Appendix A.	0
Our methodology offers empirical indicators of how satisfied nonscientists are with currently funded research, based on summaries written for nonscientists (PORs).	1
1 We are indebted to an anonymous referee for this definition.	0
For example, a self-citation index (referred to here as an s-index) calculated similar to the h-index provides details regarding the proportion and placement of self-citations from the total number of citations that a scientist has received over the course of his or her career.	1
Error-bars are not shown as the standard deviation of the mean cites per article are too small to be seen in the plots.	0
To our knowledge, there are no comprehensive data assessing the potential association between yearlong research programs and the ultimate research careers for medical and dental students.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
This article presents the foundations, current structure and trend of academic research into leadership factors in female entrepreneurship to provide scholars in the field with an overview of the followed research directions and to explore whether the same traditional patterns are reproduced in gender studies on entrepreneurship and leadership.	1
The views expressed herein are solely those of the author and should neither be attributed to his current employer, nor any of his previous employers, including the Nelson Mandela Foundation.	0
However, with a survey on the existing research in accordance with the principles of convenience in data acquisition and usability of the data, plus the fact that focused areas vary among different researchers, there haven't been many studies on the collaboration regarding the field of Chinese humanities and social sciences.	1
1 Growth curves for Arctic studies in the humanities and social sciences	0
Using a new approach, a number of academic journals with low-prestige and limited resources participates in the same selection process of a high-quality manuscript.	1
Studies of this kind are error prone and must be conducted with care.	0
The following section discusses the various modules of the proposed system.	0
Four responses were received from B-type institutions, and given this small sample size, they are not considered in our statistical analysis.	0
In any reproduction of this article there should not be any suggestion that PAHO or this article endorse any specific organization or products.	0
The study of scale invariance properties of co-authored articles on the MIS discipline has not been conducted.	1
Clearly we should, because in the words of DeSanctis, our very survival may depend on it (DeSanctis, 2003, p369).	0
From Table 3, we observe that publication period P is certainly a non-neglectable factor to predict the citation counts C but also that Twitter mentions T shows equally significant correlations.	0
We thank the American Physical Society for letting us use their citation database.	0
This study is thus one of the first in analyzing a relatively large sample of publications belonging to different fields, document types and publication years.	1
In this study we take a different approach and attempt to build a network among journals based on bibliographic coupling similarities.	1
For this research, we sent an email to potential end-users of the system with information about our research and a link to an online questionnaire.	0
Further associated research trends can be seen in the heat map (see Figure 6).	0
We also believe that understanding the relationship between OREF grant funding and NIH funding may provide valuable insight into academic success, and these findings may also be applied to other extramural sources of funding.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
While this study offers new insights into S&T activities in North Korea, it also has some limitations.	1
The position of a university in a list is simply a number used to identify it.	0
The methodology and findings from this study provides new insight to multiple stakeholders interested in evidence and trends in international research networks.	1
Examples are selection of referees (which is often based on personal knowledge) and issue make-up.	0
Each point in the scatter plots represents a distinct journal, and its color denotes the corresponding ground-truth value y	0
However, in addition to the systematic construction of a portfolio of articles, this methodology proposes qualifying criteria thereof, through three parameters: year of publication, number of citations, and the impact factor.	1
Berman, PhD, MD, Pathology and Laboratory Medicine Service (113), VA Medical Center, 10 N Greene St, Baltimore, MD 21201-1524.	0
Therefore, we advocate that these additional WoS metrics might be preferentially considered as indicators of journal performance.	1
In short, we need a standards infrastructure for new digital assessment.	1
This more sociological perspective on pathologies may provide greater insights into when such pathologies are more or less likely to occur.	1
1 Institute of Management and Decision, Shanxi University, Taiyuan 030006, Shanxi, People’s Republic of China	0
The data indicates that the 469 articles were written in 126 scientific journals.	0
We thank the reviewers for their helpful suggestions to improve the article.	0
Different from previous studies that focused on simple statistics on the productivity of areas and individuals in terms of papers published, our study focused on patterns of collaboration using comprehensive network analysis methods.	1
Our interpretation of the increasing trend in multi-coauthored papers is perhaps due to the increasing requirement in research for the promotion and/or tenure considerations.	0
A new metric "Prestige of Journal (PoJ)" is proposed in this study to address the problems given above.	1
Webster, Department of Psychology, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32611-2250, USA.	0
More broadly, this research contributes to the literature by providing another case in which human experts are susceptible to behavioural biases.	1
Overall, our jump-start hypothesis here can, by integrating multiple early-career factors and not focusing on an individual factor in isolation, better explain the Matthew effect in science47, namely how the most cited researchers get more cited just because they became highly cited early on in their career.	1
Scientific output by Spanish private enterprise as a whole and the top 50 companies, 1995-2005	0
Dr Michael Dinges is at Joanneum Research - Institute of Technology and Regional Policy, Haus der Forschung, Sensengasse 1, 1090 Vienna, Austria.	0
To our knowledge, however, the bibliometric analysis of the most mentioned articles in the field of neuroimaging has not yet been reported.	1
Our unique dataset contains a large pool of non-OA journals which enable us to find close controls for the OA journals for better causal inferences.	1
The author would like to express his gratitude to Ulf Heyman, Martin H?llsten, Erik Sandstr?m, and one anonymous referee for their valuable remarks.	0
1 7 30 7 32 14 62 100.00 100.00 100.00 1.00 1.00	0
This descriptive analysis shows that the number of collaborations (degree and weighted degree) was increasing in a much faster ratio than the number of publications, indicating that international collaborations were becoming more common with time.	0
We found that scholars have generally investigated the relationship between form of publication and rate of citation but have ignored the influence of individual OA articles on citations, which is one of our research objectives in this report.	1
** Lone researchers work on their own in all their research, whether single or interdisciplinary.	0
This article has shown, by the aid of some simple examples (named Cases in the text), that the new system for calculation of publication credits in Norway, has its sides.	1
Keywords Knowledge diffusion · Cochrane · Systematic reviews · Bibliometrics · Citation analysis · Research quality	0
This study provides insights for further research in this area.	1
Received 6 February 2021; Received in revised form 14 May 2021; Accepted 17 June 2021	0
Articles in this journal are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.	0
J. Scott Long and several reviewers provided very helpful comments on earlier versions of this article.	0
Means and 95% confidence intervals for student and faculty indicators inside and outside RUEI.	0
The Progression from Disciplinary to Multidisciplinary to Interdisciplinary and on to Transdisciplinary Research	0
Bibliometric analysis [6–10] backed by systematic searches on scientific databases [11] is an emerging tool to delineate knowledge gaps as well as subject areas of contemporary relevance.	1
The authors thank the anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions on the manuscript.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
We used an ANOVA to compare the resulting model with the variable removed with the previous model.	0
To some extent, it is an indicator of how good a model is.	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Details of these estimate are reported in the Appendix of this paper.	0
This multi-level study contributes to the literature on academic staff evaluation (Lamont 2009; Musselin 2010; Nielsen 2016; Van den Brink and Benschop 2012) by showing that Committee Members do not operate in a vacuum and that their actions are inseparably linked to the meso- and macro-context.	1
To date, there are no published studies reviewing the incidence of plagiarism in manuscripts submitted to radiology journals.	1
Source all data in these and subsequent graphs are derived from JSTOR.	0
The contribution of this paper is from the perspective that it has analyzed the real short and long terms performance of ISI Indexed Journals in Economics by taking care of the life expectancy of publications, concept of first-late comer advantages and development of DIFCCI and DIFJEI.	1
If each pair authors have not collaborated with each other before, and they belong to the same affiliation, we believe they have suspected COI relationship, which is one of our significant contributions.	1
This is an exploratory study to classify universities in Turkey according to institutional size and performance.	1
This study demonstrates that collaborative fellowships in both craniofacial surgery and craniofacial orthodontics are the strongest predictors of academic success for cleft and craniofacial centers in the United States.	1
Here, we apply a methodology using a single marker paper (or a few marker papers) for retrieving the set of most influential publications of a topic and analyzing the historical development of the topic.	1
Writing - original draft: Isabel Basson, Marc-André Simard, Zoé Aubierge Ouangré.	0
Our novel analysis method may be employed for paper classification, for the prediction of future research topics, and for the recommendation of fitting conferences and journals for submitting unpublished work.	1
Rounding up to the closest integer leads to the number 3.	0
Received 1 March 2021; Received in revised form 19 May 2022; Accepted 25 May 2022	0
It introduces a novelty bias measurement method based on fine-grained knowledge entities within scientific entities.	1
Using the concept of multiple dimensions of proximity, we add different dimensions of cultural proximity as well as other factors such as differences in countries' overall R&D expenditures to the analysis which have not been included in most studies on proximity and scientific collaboration.	1
Contributors: Apoor Gami and Victor Montori conceived the study and acquired and analyzed the data.	0
Our work addresses this need through the adaption of network centrality measures to identify different types of key papers within a journal.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric study comparing funding information acknowledged in medical journal articles that are indexed by Scopus, WoS, and PubMed databases.	1
Surprisingly, the amount of the endowment better determines the number of Nature publications for universities than the total research expenditure.	1
Libraries are adept at collaboration, faculty engagement, and nuanced communication around such topics as the open access policy.	1
The numbers seem to support the hypothesis that the journals lost were mainly published by small publishers, publishers that seem to lack the competence or the resources necessary either to understand why re-application was important, or to go through the re-application procedure.	1
This study contributes to the body of research on the literature of addictions, but more research is needed.	1
Also, I thank three referees for their helpful comments and suggestions.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
This part of the study presents a broad view of disciplinary differences between counts of traditional and Web-extracted citations.	0
1 Cluster dendrogram for cross-citation hierarchical clustering of 8,305 journals (Cutting off at 15 clusters on the left-hand side)	0
To our knowledge our study is the first ex-post impact analysis of competitive funding undertaken at the university level, such as the excellence science policy having an international dimension.	1
The study goes beyond the basic democracy-science compatibil- ity thesis, recasting democratic governance itself as a type of com- plex system (e.g.	1
Received: 25 April 2021 / Accepted: 11 October 2021 / Published online: 8 November 2021	0
For research organisations, this paper delivers an instrument for analysing knowledge production mechanisms within research organisations.	1
This study revealed differences in funding preferences between projects from different funds.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
This SNA study identified and summarized the research topics and current trends in the field of e-health.	1
Pakistan was divided into six regions: Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Baluchistan, Islamabad, and Azad Jammu and Kashmir.	0
One important observation in the new data set presents a significant increase in collaborations with (73.2%) respectively in comparison to the previous study (59.5%).	1
The author is greatly indebted to Jeppe Nicolaisen and Birger Hj?rland.	0
Received January 18, 2013; revised September 26, 2013; accepted September 27, 2013	0
The present article expands upon this work by including a broader and more heterogeneous set of countries (19 European countries in total) and adding new variables for comparison.	1
#Percentage is calculated with respect to the number of articles in WoS having a DOI and found in Unpaywall, i.e.	0
The article provides evidence on the gap in STEM fields for a Latin American country, which is key to design and implement gendered S&T policy.	1
In this brief communication, we assess some of the methodological difficulties that have arisen in this context.	1
The major advantage of rank analysis over these other methods is that the mathematical link of the ranks (Rodríguez-Navarro & Brito, 2018) allows many different mathematical treatments of the data.	1
Received 27 April 2009; Revision submitted 19 June 2009; Accepted 26 June 2009	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2014	0
Beyond the synthetic indicator we have tested, the methodological approach developed in the article also provides a systematic framework for a more fine-grained characterization and comparison of the policy design of R&D public funding.	1
The recent changes in editorial focus of the journal add to its momentum and should propel it forward among financial economics journals.	1
Besides, the keywords analysis enable researchers to understand about the relatedness of this model with other popular methods, such as maximum likelihood estimation and EM algorithm.	1
In the next section we give an informetric explanation of the S-shaped graph of PPtop 10% in function of MNCS.	1
Building a multi-faceted and fine-grained classification framework based on this approach provides the opportunity to explore interactions between disciplines (i.e., inter- and intra-disciplinary knowledge flows) in more detail, and allows for more detailed identification of inconsistencies between different classification systems.	1
However, to our knowledge, the process of generating co-word networks has not been attempted, although some related mechanisms of paper keywords are studied empirically.	1
Computations include only those who have attained the rank of full professor.	0
This paper is dedicated to the memory of Susan Snow-Cotter, who passed away December 2006.	0
See the web collection on statistics for biologists for further resources and guidance.	0
Abbreviations: GDP, gross domestic product; ISI, Institute for Scientific Information; RICYT, Red Iberoamericana de Indicadores de Ciencia y Tecnología; SCI, Science Citation Index; UNESCO, United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization	0
Here, I define a suitable scope of a theory as the set of conditions under which the theory is valid.	1
Gerlind Wallon is at the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO), Heidelberg, Germany.	0
However, methodological constraints preclude drawing conclusions to that effect on the basis of the analysed dataset, and even if those methodological problems are overlooked, the results do not seem to justify enthusiasm about the JIF as diagnostic instrument to select researchers.	1
More generally, our results contribute to existing criticism directed at the obsolescence of the concept of scientific authorship, and extend it to that of inventorship.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0022-0418.htm	0
On this basis, four indicators describing the age characteristics of active articles were proposed to quantify the long-term impact of journals.	1
Compared with the 2006 study, the list of top-cited journals referenced by pediatric nursing researchers has remained relatively stable, but the number of cited journal titles has increased.	1
Protected by copyright, including for uses related to text and data mining, Al training, and similar technologies.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Received 3 May 2021; Received in revised form 7 January 2022; Accepted 10 January 2022	0
The topic is interesting and deserves a deeper analysis than it was presented because the reported brief analysis and its conclusion are somewhat biased for many reasons, some of them are discussed here.	1
An evaluation of the social value of a project like LHC cannot be complete without considering this aspect of 'science for peace'.	1
In this literature survey, we examined the characteristics, geographic distribution and reasons for retraction of published articles.	1
Use of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Online is subject to agreement to the terms and conditions as indicated online.	0
Our results also have useful methodological implications for further research in this area.	1
Robin Haunschild: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools, Wrote the paper.	0
We introduce a quantity that captures both the recognition intensity and the duration of the “sleeping” period, and show that Sleeping Beauties are far from exceptional.	1
Section 5 discusses the findings with the reported literature and Section 6 concludes our study with the limitations and future work.	0
The research was funded by National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
NOTE: See Table 2 for list of journals corresponding to numbers.	0
The prepared data set contains the papers published from 2007 to 2011.	0
The study has successfully developed and validated a general model that can be used to investigate the effects of antecedents and outcomes of academic publication performance.	1
Declaration: The authors report no financial or commercial conflicts of interest.	0
Nevertheless, this paper has unraveled a number of regularities that can be summarized as follows.	1
72304218) and the Young Top-notch Talent Cultivation Program of Hubei Province.	0
Using the data from these anonymous reports, but also our experience in developing critical reviews of the empirical literature on research collaboration (Bozeman and Boardman 2014; Bozeman et al.	1
Imam Yuadi, Department of Information and Library Science, Airlangga University, Jalan Airlangga 4-6, Surabaya, Jawa Timur 60286, Indonesia.	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Although it does not remedy the case above where an author has four papers with either 1 or 1000 citations each, it can be considered as a suggested first step in improving author index metrics.	1
Information Processing & Management Vol 25, No 2, pp 205-214, 1989	0
Most frequently cited co-authorship networks showing the top co-author in each country.	0
Based on the growing debate about defining potential biases and detecting unethical behavior, a standardized method to measure contributions of the astronomical number of co-authors is introduced.	1
We are very grateful to Charlotta Bj?rk, Aleksi Aaltonen and Patrik Welling for helping out with the tedious work of gathering the data.	0
Address for reprints: Helen Christensen, NH & MRC Social Psychiatry Research Unit, The Australian National University, GPO Box 4, Canberra, ACT, 2601 Australia.	0
How they will use any such information to inform their assessments.	0
Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Acknowledgments This paper was supported by a grant from the National Science Council of Taiwan (NSC 101-2410-H-030-079).	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Manuel Goyanes on 20 January 2023.	0
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
DECISION RULE: Reject H0 if the value of Z is greater than or equal to 1.96.	0
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
By joining citation pattern data from the Web of Science (to measure the CD index) with essays written by authors of Citation Classics (to calculate types of novelty) and using a wide range of computational and statistical techniques, we demonstrate clear and robust patterns between type of novelty and the nature of scientific influence—a relationship never before studied empirically.	1
We present three innovative applications of SNA tools for helping researchers make sense of such large collections of literature.	1
In this article, we aim to go beyond an analysis of the citation of software in scientific literature.	1
Fulton, Le Bonheur Children's Hospital, 49 N Dunlap Ave, 3rd Floor FOB, Memphis, TN 38105, USA.	0
Our findings provide encouraging results that support a paradigm shift toward continued promotion of academic research by providing direct evidence that compensation is not adversely affected by increasing research time.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsim20	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
This finding has an important implication: most SBs show a ‘weak awakening’ already during the sleeping period.	1
To explore this intuition, we develop a novel author scoring algorithm called the "author follow-score" which expands on the approach outlined in Ujum et al. (2015).	1
Thus the major contribution of this study is to show that it is possible to judge the quality of publication clustering solutions, as operationalized by the correspondence of solutions to latent topic structure reflected in several different validation datasets.	1
This work was supported by National Science Foundation [Grants 1353796 and 1445121].	0
This is a contribution to the homage volume to the late Judit Bar-Ilan, world expert in webometrics and altmetrics, co-author and friend.	0
Keywords Bibliometric study · Citation analysis · Subject analysis · Knowledge output Information science journal	0
Answering to this we present a novel conceptualization for topic based analysis of scientific publication venues.	1
The "publish or perish" mantra reflects the fierce compe- tition in scholarly communication.	0
Drawing on a comparative analysis of 60 examples of SSH impact, we develop a typology of SSH pathways to societal impact.	1
The reported coefficients indicate the effect when the binary variable of interest equals 1.	0
The novelty character of this perspective paper is to indicate and point out the main research themes/lines addressing the relationships between metrology, agriculture, and food by analyzing: (i) the authors of the published papers; (ii) the type of paper; (iii) the countries and institutions where the research is developed.	1
S-WK contributed to the preparation of research proposal and the writing of “Background” and “Literature review” sections.	0
Total number of articles per type of article, Each article type has a total number of articles over the past 20 years as well as a percentage out of the total.	0
In particular, this study differs from previous studies in that it emphasizes interindividual differences in the research performance of prestigious award recipients.	1
The study is organized as follows: the next section presents a literature review on the topic; the third section describes the data and methodology, as well as a description of the variables and the model; section four shows the results; and, lastly, the fifth section presents the discussion and conclusions.	0
Overall, our findings represent good news when it comes to gender equity.	1
It shows that the random forest model outperforms logistic regression, support vector machine, and naive Bayes on recognizing the dissertations with a high grade.	1
3) by revealing how the innovative outcomes in a PPP “primarily rest” on a novel governance mechanism and extending researchers’ understanding of the governance of knowledge development.	1
We used various network measures to analyze four aspects of research community performance: productivity, collaboration, internationality, and interdisciplinarity.	1
His research interests focus on text mining, digital economy and corporate finance.	0
Wikiometrics differs from the previous works reviewed in this section in two important ways: a) Wikiometrics is to the best of our knowledge - the first attempt to produce real-world entity rankings that are competitive in quality to established man-made rankings; b) Our approach is more selective in its use of features, opting to utilize specific elements of DBpedia in order to improve ranking quality.	1
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
In other words, we have established a scaling relation between the critical mass and the Dunbar number.	1
We would like to thank Elizabeth Zenteno and Matias Koch for their assistance during the data-collection phase.	0
However, and although some studies that go over the agenda have been found in different regions, after a thorough search, no bibliometric studies about Political Psychology in the region have been found during the period in which this research was developed.	1
Note: (1), (2), (3), (4) the number of other tables that the journal is listed in this study.	0
Details on databases SSOAR, RIAN.ie, and Opin Vísindi can be found in the report (Sīle et al.	0
Sweileh (2018): Bibliometric profile of global scientific research on digoxin toxicity (1849–2015), Drug and Chemical Toxicology, DOI: 10.1080/01480545.2018.1518453	0
NFindex achieves both inter-discipline normalisation and intra-discipline consistency.	1
The list and the range of professional activities researchers undertake are big.	0
Most of those attributes are not considered in other well-known measure.	1
In the case of our study, representations in two dimensions are used, but there is no reason why not to use three dimensions.	0
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
We believe this discrepancy is an important indicator of low scientific production in this area and of the need to accelerate and increase the funding for research.	1
The point is of interest, but the reviewer is misunderstanding the main point.	0
The aim of this paper is to present alternative views to challenge the concept of salami slicing as inherently negative.	1
A short overview on the development and status of the 15 research environments in 2015 is offered as Electronic Supplementary Material (ESM).	0
The present study attempts to bridge this gap.	1
For example, the novel measurement of research interdisciplinarity based on topic modeling and co-authorship networks can be extended to study the interdisciplinarity of papers in citation networks (e.g., a paper that cited papers with divergent topic coverages tend to be more interdisciplinary).	1
In addition, as an innovation factor, the method is presented in a scalable Business Intelligence (BI) system that features blunt visuals, extensive analysis repertoire, intuitive navigation, and automated updating.	1
Nevertheless, international comparative research has not been captured so far.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
The main novelty of this approach is that the final result would not result in a single overall listing of universities (i.e.	1
(Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.)	0
a relevant observation in the present work is the king and queen effects which force much deviation from Ausloos law at low r.	1
Without the data visualization done here, few may suspect the existence of such connections between BEC, quantum teleportation and slow light.	1
(2018) provides an efficient framework and presents an adequate management of information for an article once the method is a pioneer in working with input data equating three segments of information for the article—impact factor, year of publication and volume of quotation.	1
Correspondence should be sent to Cengiz Acarturk, Department of Cognitive Science, Jagiellonian University, 31-044 Krakow, Poland.	0
This study adds to the existing body of research on gender and performance indicators and provides important new insights into the emerging literature on gender and research funding by shedding light on the collateral consequences related to the introduction of new metrics for research performance in university settings.	1
The results of the study, led by researchers from Wuhan University, are reported here for the first time.	1
This article fills in the gap in the literature through an analysis of the Polish evaluation of artistic disciplines.	1
This work resulted from a working group supported by the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center (SESYNC) under funding received from the National Science Foundation DBI-1052875.	0
This choice is based on the fact that in informetric work citations are considered to represent knowledge flows from cited to citing articles (Li et al., 2020).	0
It is in combination with the islands of intense interaction that the minimal-interaction strategy constitutes an approach to scientific collaboration in distributed settings.	1
One reason, research collaboration has received much attention by scholars because it is one of the social processes that help shape the evolution of research fields (De Solla 1963; de Solla Price and Beaver 1966; Beaver de and Rosen 1978; Frame and Carpenter 1979; Luukkonen et al.	0
The section-wise content similarity approach intelligently processes the data components of research articles to produce enhanced results.	1
Odlyzko, School of Mathematics, University of Minnesota, 127 Vincent Hall, 206	0
The paper is organised as follows: Section 2 presents the theory and hypothesis, Section 3 describes the data, Section 4 discusses the model and the main results, Section 5 provides robustness checks, Sections 6 shows the average marginal effects of the negative binomial models, and Section 7 concludes.	0
Taking the research content as an example, the processing flow is shown in Figure 3.	0
However, none of these studies have focused on identifying the leading countries in business and management research in the region during the last 30 years.	1
Third, the current study provides a methodological framework, which can be applied in any specific field of study, which is very important for librarians or documentalists to efficiently manage the literature in a special field.	1
In this article we explore a new approach to the problem of ranking journals with an h-like index within JCR groups.	1
Despite the recognized significance of the duration of the peer review process, there remains a notable gap in understanding how long interdisciplinary manuscripts need to wait from submission to publication.	1
With the present paper, we publicly release the pipeline code to allow other researchers to perform similar analyses on other concepts.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, only a handful of articles address the dynamics of scientific communities as a core topic.	1
“All citations rankings are useful, but some are more useful than others.”	0
This is a central contribution here that provides an alternative conclusion about the cumulative nature of science’s major discoveries [1,2].	1
This study is the first to use nonsurvey (government reported) salary and rank information from the English-language literature to model the relation between academic productivity and salary by controlling for program, specialty, rank, and chair.	1
Therefore, where exactly the current evolutionary processes would lead to in the future remains to be seen.	0
By preparing such a descriptive list now, scholars will be able to update these tabulations to see how the list has changed over time (e.g., Are women scholars more represented?)	1
While these reports provide important insights about var- ious research stakeholders' perceptions of RI education and training, it is not clear to what extent the findings apply across different countries and disciplinary fields.	1
Abbreviations: R = Rank; TC = Total citations; C/Y = Citations per year	0
Received: 21 October 2021 / Accepted: 23 March 2022 / Published online: 19 April 2022	0
In this article, we aim to go beyond an analysis of the research productivity of the sample institutions using the number of publications, which is the most commonly used bibliometric indicator for measuring the research productivity of researchers, institutions, and countries.	1
Buchanan BS, MA, MLS & Jean-Pierre V M Herubel BA, MA, PhD, MLS (1994) Profiling PhD Dissertation Bibliographies:, Behavioral & Social Sciences Librarian, 13:1, 1-10, DOI: 10.1300/J103v13n01_01	0
I also perform topic modeling on the abstracts to understand and characterize retracted literature by subject areas.	1
School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, 685 Cherry St.	0
The present study shows that when applying for promotion researchers adapt to the tenure and promotion standards as fewer non-verifiable publications are submitted over time.	1
The Section 2 examines previous studies on AI technology in the aerospace industry, including its potential benefits and challenges.	0
The textual analysis of the ‘affiliation’ string permitted to assign the country to the majority of the papers.	0
This is just an illustration of how further research can be used to keep optimizing the predictive power of estimators of mandate effectiveness.	1
Preliminary analysis shows that limited evidence exists on the use of SNA and impact of social networks on healthcare in India.	1
The main motive of this study was to document this major milestone and the magnitude of these scientific efforts.	1
The latest study examining these relationships was based on data since the year of 2010.	1
A distinctive feature of our study is the analysis of individual-level data from a German university, which belongs to the top 10 universities in Germany in terms of external funds acquisition (German Research Foundation, 2019).	1
This value depends on the formatting used by the journal: until 2008 the AER was the only journal using the two-column format.	0
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
In theory, for 9,500 of the 10,000 data sets generated (95%), the resulting confidence interval should have contained the true MHq.	0
Section 2 presents the findings of previous studies on journal quality and the third section describes the hypotheses and methods of this current study.	0
CHEN & AL.: The authorship and country spread of OR journals	0
This paper therefore uses two relatively new metrics, the citations per author per year (CAY) metric and the individual annual h-index (hIa) to provide two alternative, citation-based, rankings of Dutch academics in Economics & Business.	1
We also quantify time to grant submission and funding among scholars; we are not aware of previous research that has tracked these intervals among early-stage investigators.	1
In what follows, we will discuss how this solution addresses the kinds of social biases discussed earlier.	0
a The unit of the currency is one hundred million Won (As of 2004, 1 dollar equals 1,150 Won).	0
I thank Loet Leydesdorff for many useful discussions about the notions studied in this article.	0
Using data from the journal peer review process of a single journal in the Social Sciences field (Business, Management and Accounting), we examine the effects of peer review on papers submitted to that journal including the effect upon citation, a novel step in the study of the outcome of peer review.	1
Our results therefore indicate that human gene research publications that describe wrongly identified nucleotide sequences may be unexpectedly frequent in some high IF cancer research journals.	1
We are grateful to Wolfgang Gl?nzel, Peter Vinkler and András Schubert for helpful discussions in the starting phase of this paper and to Remi Barre for important comments.	0
Employing a large-scale and cross-disciplinary dataset, our 8-year longitudinal analysis corroborates the rapid accumulation of Mendeley readership, observed over a more extended period than previously reported (Maflahi & Thelwall, 2018; Thelwall, 2017a; Tian et al., 2024).	1
Removing this correlation by reformulating the problem as one of predicting the h-index increase (Ah) over a fixed time interval, and segregating the careers into different age cohorts, linear models do a poor job of predicting future impact.	1
THIS STUDY WAS SUPPORTED BY GRANTS FROM RESEARCH TO PREVENT BLINDNESS, INC, NEW YORK, NEW YORK, AND SID W.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, Month 2016	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Also, while we admire Northcraft and Tenbrunsel's (2012) work and their intentions with regard to the current discussion, we regret that their response to Aguinis and colleagues (2010) was rhetorical and not empirical.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first laboratory experiment examining the effect of competition on peer review that allows for the study of the evolution of the behavior of both referees and creators simultaneously.	1
The authors declare that there is no conflicting interest and that the study has not been supported or funded by a drug company or any organization	0
Unfortunately, almost all of these claims are anecdotal rather than empirically based and none focuses on medical faculty.	0
One or more of the authors has declared the following potential conflict of interest or source of funding: B.U.N.	0
This provides a new perspective on interdisciplinary research, highlighting its dual value in both theoretical innovation and practical social applications.	1
a Subjects with no qualifier to collocate with are tagged as Not applicable.	0
1 aizoOn Consulting s.r.l., Strada del Lionetto, 6, 10146 Turin, Italy	0
1 Process of the selection of journals from Bell's and Cabell's lists	0
We did not include notes and letters as source for the study.	0
Applying computational tools to massive corpora of digitized scientific texts and databases of experimental results, recent research has advanced our ability to trace the dynamic frontier of collective attention and explore how we might accelerate discovery, identifying possibilities missed by the crowd and potentially uninferrable by any particular scientist.	1
Acknowledgements This study was funded by the Russian Science Foundation, No.	0
It also highlights solutions that could be implemented simply to limit the citation of retracted articles, and thus limit the propagation of scientific errors in the ophthalmologic literature.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
This article addresses this issue using a different approach, experimental simulation modelling, by comparing the relative precision of the arithmetic mean, geometric mean and percentiles with a range of different parameters.	1
This metric provides a reference of the overall clarity of a given decomposition of the network [60].	0
However, there are no studies that specifically compare research effort and citation among Neotropical and Palearctic mammals.	1
Received 6 April 2023; received in revised form 20 September 2023; accepted 23 September 2023	0
Submitted for publication Jul 8, 2006; last revision received Dec 19, 2006; accepted Feb 1, 2007.	0
Here the role potentially played by the alternative metrics is approached from a different angle.	1
In general the teams of the listed affiliations are very large.	0
*Reprint requests should be sent to Douglas Peters, Program in Social Ecology, University of California, Irvine, Calif.	0
Table 5 Results of Pearson's correlation analysis between number of citations and altmetrics attention	0
Accordingly, to address this gap in knowledge, we evaluated factors affecting the publication of abstracts presented at the CCC meetings.	1
Table 2 provides definitions for the variables used in our models.	0
With regard to other disciplines, this internationalisation is still limited, although Spain is well-positioned in the European context.	0
They were then copied and pasted into MS Excel, and separated into components: authors, title, and publication year.	0
While we propose 'budding' as a strategy for international consideration, the characteristics of the Italian academic system permit a ready test of its feasibility.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
We also found a better affinity to Nature by the general audience and a better affinity to Science in former USSR scholarly allies.	1
1 except that all distributions have a scale parameter of 2	0
What makes the publishing patterns of young Polish academics different from the patterns of their Western European colleagues (and similar to their older Polish colleagues)?	1
In light of an overwhelming and exponentially growing amount of literature, the bibliometric approach is new in a library context.	1
Time series data publication amount inventors and control persons (vertical lines representing priority year of inventor’s first patent).	0
This study is motivated by the observation that even though the conditions are conducive and the infrastructure is in place in Malaysia, the adoption of electronic publishing for scholarly journals has been slow on the uptake, and there is a need to investigate why this is so.	1
We thus propose a novel dynamic growth model that accounts for both preferential attachment and the aging factor in order to replicate the real-world behavior of various citation profiles.	1
Received: 24 March 2020; Accepted: 23 May 2020; Published: 28 July 2020	0
While this is not the purpose of this study, it is our intention to contribute to the conversation around academics and social media.	1
Share of articles receiving their first negative citation at a given age (years).	0
Table 2 OLS regression gauging researchers’ self-reported percentage of publications in English	0
This research shows the impact of Korean journals on SCIE journals, and the results of this study can be used for the future evaluation of journals.	1
Lee (2012) proposed an approach that deals with problems before they have an opportunity to exist.	1
Examining the possible causes of the OAAA gives new insights into the potential complexities of information behaviour and access, and how these may shift over time as the various stakeholders in the community adapt their performance.	1
2) On the basis of the extracted topic feature and some commonly used bibliometrics features, the feature space is constructed to identify the future high influential articles.	1
Bliwise, R., 2001, The Numbers Game, Duke Magazine 87 (6), 3–4.	0
I thank G?ran Ahrne, Ingrid Schild and árni Sverrisson for their helpful comments on earlier versions of the article.	0
Felix de Moya Anegon: Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools.	0
Our argument and analysis provides two key contributions to existing scholarship.	1
Additional Key Words and Phrases: Influence mining, mutual reinforcement, literature ranking	0
In a departure from past scholarship, this paper studies the connection between co-publishing and retractions and tries to further understand the factors affecting/influencing the likelihood of retraction and the time it takes for the false science to be removed from the literature.	1
The supplementary material for this article can be found at https://doi.org/10.1017/S174413742200025X	0
Third, the results of this study may be beneficial to policymakers and stakeholders favoring sustainable urban development.	1
Presented at the Spring Meeting of the Vascular and Endovascular Surgery Society at the 2018 Vascular Annual Meeting, Boston, Mass, June 20-23, 2018.	0
A more systematic conceptualisation of how valuations of innovativeness play out differently in these evaluative settings may be a valuable focus for further inquiry.	0
They are also restricted to results from a single country, and other country evaluators may consider different criteria when judging the quality of an article (Taylor & Willett, 2017), such as its value for practical solutions.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.17269/s41997-020-00411-5) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Based on these findings we decided not to include subfield as a variable in the present study.	0
Nevertheless, when gauged by the presence of this research among the Top-1000 papers being cited, citizen science papers in both earth and space science areas have about 10-times the number of papers making it to this level.	1
To clearly display this relationship, the figure does not include the journals with JIF2 values higher than 50.	0
Science and Public Policy, volume 19, number 5, October 1992, pages 321-327, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England.	0
The FRESA framework is an innovative platform focused on providing a brand new metric to rank authors by their reputation.	1
Our data suggest that networked trustees may constitute an emerging organizational field in which trustees who share research interests are an intermediating entity that shifts research universities in an entrepreneurial direction that is increasingly important to the management of university-industry science.	1
I am also grateful to Kirsty Kay for proofreading the text.	0
Received July 6, 2000; revised September 8, 2000; accepted September 8, 2000	0
To the best of our knowledge, a decentralized platform has yet to be proposed to remove the single point of trust given to the entity; participants instead place trust in the functionality of the network.	1
Thies, Microsoft Research India, "Vigyan," #9, Lavelle Road, Bangalore 560 001, India; C.	0
1 Term that regards collegiate universities that follow the management style for teaching and research as the universities of Oxford and Cambridge (Tapper and Palfreyman 2002).	0
This is important because some authors, journals or institutions may have a high result according to one set of measures but a different result under another.	0
Our results suggest that lower-quality review performance is associated with a lower threshold level of acceptance, potentially resulting in publication of lower-quality manuscripts.	1
2011 ASIS&T Published online 8 August 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
We proposed two steps to improve the automatic search-term selection process when creating lexical queries to study emerging technologies.	1
Because science is increasingly performed in groups, this question applies to how scientists conduct research.	1
3 The figure above is a visualized image of citations of the theses and clusters of the theses formed by the method above.	0
* Statistically significant values (p ≤ 0.05) are indicated in bold.	0
Our open-ended exploration offers insights that previous quantitative studies have not provided.	1
The construction of different networks with multiple attributes of knowledge emphasizes the co-occurrence of multiple attributes that are embedded in different networks, but influence each other into generating collective outcomes.	1
TO our knowledge, no studies to date have empirically examined the aforementioned problems.	1
To examine the directionality of download and citation, this paper introduces a widely adopted strategy outside information science to study the relation between two time series, namely Granger-causality inference (Granger, 1969).	1
1 Chinese Academy of Science and Education Evaluation, Hangzhou Dianzi University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China	0
The astonishing low correlation between the ranks of the THE and the ARWU ranking, particularly for the universities ranked below 50 in both rankings, creates another serious doubt if rankings should be used for any management purposes at all.	1
This bibliometric study offers a comprehensive overview of Al in Oncology research, focusing on the discipline's current state.	1
The100 top-cited studies reflect major advances in allergy researches and a number of hot topics during the last few years.	1
We adopt a research perspective very distinct from prior studies (e.g., Ponomarev et al., 2014, 2012; Savov et al., 2020; Schneider and Costas, 2017), namely, a citing-structure method.	1
To verify these assumptions further studies are necessary which investigate the relation between homepage and the content of the hyperlinks.	0
Note: aPercentage of weighted number of papers in all publications excluding which were only authored by U.S.	0
Only one previous study in France centered on pediatric residents, but was based on a cross-sectional study and focusing only on thesis publication and not on the overall publication activity [6].	1
The remainder of the article goes as follows: “Discovering know-how: implementation issues" section presents some of the implementation issues regarding patent citation net- works partitioning and our approach to test their validity;	0
The author(s) declare financial support was received for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Second, we evade using ready-made dichotomous explanatory categories of profit-seeking and/or higher research cultures of the West/North that are often contrasted with the troubled and 'backward' ones of the South/East.	1
This study produced an overview of scientific papers published by 15 purposefully selected Muslim-majority science systems.	1
There is no research in the literature that measures the research performance of universities with multi-criteria decision making method.	1
This study defines nine independent variables from doctoral students' coauthorship network based on three dimensions of social capital theory and examines how these indicators interact, influence, and predict doctoral students' h-index.	1
Finding the range of current h-index for which prediction results are best.	1
Recent studies have focused on quality and emerging levels of evidence in the aesthetic literature, however, publication trends relating to the most commonly performed aesthetic procedures and an assessment of the contributions made by other specialties (ophthalmology, otolaryngology, maxillofacial surgery and dermatology) to the aesthetic surgery research yield, have yet to be reported (2, 7-10).	1
The new open access citations datasets can potentially enable a broad community of scientists to utilize citations in their studies of biomedical literature - not only the simple cites and cited by relationships but also the more sophisticated co-citation and bibliographically coupled relationships.	1
SNIP values in the y-axis are shown without a decimal point (e.g., a SNIP value of 1.00 is represented as 100).	0
The coefficient values are in [?1, 1] for all orders and a higher value indicates a higher positive correlation between the two variables and a better ranking algorithm.	0
Robert Braam is now an independent researcher, Liemers 12, 3524TK Utrecht, The Netherlands; Email: rrbraam@telfort.nl.	0
Here, we propose another line of approach in order to study the submission, acceptance, and rejection (number and rate) diversity based on probabilities, with emphasis on the conditional probabilities, thereafter measuring the entropy and other characteristics of the distributions.	1
In terms of studying governance effects on scientific fields, this paper, we posit, constitutes another step towards capturing second-level effects, or governance effects that change—epistemically and structurally— total research fields at potentially global scale, i.e.	1
We thank Latonia Trimuel, Research Team Support and Development at the Northwestern University Clinical and Translational Science (NUCATS) Institute, for her role managing the electronic distribution list of perspective participants used throughout this study.	0
In the table the percentages apply only to those for whom the task is applicable.	0
Thanks to the generosity of its creators, we now have web applications12 available in the public domain which visualize scientific excellence worldwide in several subject areas.	1
However, this study differs from previous research by defining topical scientific community to be featured with both topic and topology.	1
The remaining 26% of the citations is not included in our analysis.	0
The original lists of references were also used for the analysis.	0
Vertical lines indicate every fifth boundary of the standard 100 percentile intervals.	0
Nonetheless we are confident that the effect is real and that the lack of statistical significance is due to the smaller sample size (n = 49)	0
However, few scholars have focused on the scientific relatedness (Boschma et al.	1
A total of 118 manuscripts were randomized, 26 to usual practice and 92 to the intervention.	0
Terms of use and reuse: academic research for non-commercial purposes, see here for full terms.	0
1 Presently, Northrop Grumman TASC, 12015 Lee Jackson Highway, Fairfax, VA 22033, United States.	0
IRB approval was not necessary, as our study did not involve human subjects.	0
We argue that HCI can learn from experts who upcycle e-waste and give it second lives in electronics projects, art projects, educational workshops, and more.	1
In this way, three samples were obtained that were comparable amongst the providers.	0
Thus, to quantify the gap, we propose a formula to compute the Euclidean distance from a three-dimensional vector that specifies the most productive scholar to other vectors that pick out any other nodes in a network:	1
Clinical approaches in periodontics revolves around prophylactic, non-surgical therapy to prevent gingival inflammation, as well as surgical therapy to treat the lesions invading the supporting tissues untreated by the supportive periodontal therapy.	0
Table 3 presents data about the trends in co-authorship between 1996 and 2015.	0
Originality/value – This paper further illustrates the essential role of scholarly reading and the library's collections on the academic enterprise.	1
Relatively little research has focused on the voluntary scientific workforce conducting these reviews, yet developing a better description of these important stakeholders is crucial to gauging the current strains on the peer review system.	1
The most cited articles are continuously changing, meaning that the present study provides a snapshot of the most influential articles of the current time, while also showing trends in the literature.	1
Pelz of the Survey Research Center, University of Michigan, for providing me with these data.	0
Notably, we expand upon these previous models by also evaluating the role of personality traits, while accounting for the way personality's impact varies across researchers and contexts.	1
In a nutshell, this study presents to scholars a quantitative analysis to report “what has been done in the area of transport until now and what is next?.	1
This result showed the Author ID, though not perfectly accurate in terms of individual identification, was reliable enough to be used as a new tool for bibliometrics.	1
The percentage of mismatch would have been even higher had we removed citations from the home institution of the researchers.	0
1b we draw the case for n = 3 where we can choose the free parameters, namely the slope A and the three coefficients B1, B2, B3, to satisfy a given density distribution (fraction of the total number of papers in Q) in the four sub regions that are thus identified.	0
Received March 18, 2011; revised May 31, 2011; accepted June 1, 2011	0
As for the research contribution, this study identified four contribution patterns from the transformation of author roles, the research results can reflect the degree of participation and dominance of a country in scientific collaborative activities.	1
This paper fills this gap by comparing citations to 16,463 books from 2013 to 2016 in the Book Citation Index (BKCI) against automatically extracted citations from Microsoft Academic and Google Books in 17 fields.	1
The main advantage of this procedure is that it can be applied to any data set, since it automatically selects a list of funders' variants as keywords that best identify the main sponsors of that set.	1
Correspondence: J Rashbass, Clinical and Biomedical Computing Unit, Clinical School, Addenbrooke's Hospital, Hills Road, Cambridge, CB2 2SP, UK.	0
The authors would like to thank Jonathan Bradbury for his helpful comments on this work.	0
Sincere thanks are due to the reviewers for their constructive suggestions.	0
Only connections with more than one article or 40 article citations were displayed to create a clean layout.	0
1 On average, there is a linear relation between funding and publications, as shown below for health and agriculture research in the US, for which we have reliable data on funding and publications.	0
To be a part of international community means publishing papers in inter- national journals and in the English language because English is the academic lingua franca today.	0
However, it this paper we use an exact approach based on maximizing (2).	0
Our study intends to fill this gap to compliment the assessment of the UK accounting and finance departments in RAEs.	1
Yoels, Department of Sociology, State University of New York at Albany, Albany, N.Y.	0
First, it contributes to the disciplinary diversity and performance research literature by providing new evidence on the relationship between the multidisciplinarity of groups and researchers' performance.	1
1010 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2014	0
A major novelty of this article is the handling of a very long evaluation period and the discussion of different ways of subdividing it.	1
Therefore, in contrast to earlier claims in Oppenheim (1996) and Norrism and Oppenheim (2003), we do not observe strong correlation between rankings of HEI’s, according to RAE and to the citation-based measure.	1
In this regard, our study contributes to improving the prediction of research production by adding variables – linked to multilevel factors (O’Connor et al.	1
Author- Suggested, Weighted Citation Index: A Novel Approach for Determining the Contribution of Individual Researchers.	0
Rather, we propose an approach to analyse annual cohorts and changes in rankings of annual cohorts over time in a consistent way.	1
Go to https://doi.org/10.1257/jel.20191574 to visit the article page and view author disclosure statement(s).	0
The models presented here are an important step towards a quantitative understanding of the role of the humoral immune response in reducing host infectivity and the epidemic spread of WNV.	1
All search processes were duplicated by a second researcher to eliminate errors.	0
*The author is a Professor of Economics at the University of Nebraska at Omaha.	0
Annual evolution of the main bibliometric indicators for repercussion of scientific activity of the European Union in the respiratory system field.	0
1 Proportion of female neurosurgical residents in the USA [10] and Germany	0
It does not represent the views of the NIH, NIEHS, or the U.S.	0
A shorter period was chosen for disciplinary comparisons than for institutional comparisons as disciplinary changes may be faster than institutional ones.	0
2017) but comprehensive studies on the quality of MA metadata are still lacking.	1
To my knowledge, the prevalence of these forms of authorship in psychology journals has yet to be examined.	0
First, building on all grants funded through two major UK research councils over eight years, our study provides one of the first large-scale assessments of how targeted grants affect scientists' problem choices.	1
However, little is known about the inclusion of research integrity topics in the Instructions for Authors of Japanese medical journals.	1
Data Availability Statement: All data will be available after acceptance of the manuscript.	0
Finally, the sixth concludes the work discussing the relevant findings and their implications for research policies.	0
We propose the measure, call h?-index, to measure the research performance of a scholar.	1
1) the first part checked the interviewee's understanding of and experience with societal impact generally;	0
It still remains to be seen whether in fact quality may be conflated with influence in this way.	0
The BIBLIO for the first time provides a preliminary guideline of its own kind.	1
This study enriches the toolset for the breakthrough prediction of scientific research.	1
These findings shed light on the use (and misuse) of methodological recommendations, offering insight into how we can better improve our digestion and implementation of best practices as we design and test research and theory.	1
* Articles by female authors (AF), articles by female and male authors (AFM), and articles by male authors (AM)	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to systematically analyze the quantity and quality of literature regarding orthopedics diseases from Chinese authors in the three regions (mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan).	1
From the perspective of multilayered relation networks, this paper constructs a multilevel analytical framework of international scientific collaboration.	1
In this research, we have formulated an index that objectively expresses the quality of a research paper.	1
This process forms a chain of knowledge flow, whereby knowledge flows from cited references to citing publications via citations.	0
We differentiate from these by exploring simultaneously multiple dimensions of semantic classification and more importantly by adding the geographical aspect.	1
This paper shows that the paths to this impact vary depending on factors including funding source, collaborations, and where and how this research is published.	1
Figure 7 Relationship between citations of an identical paper that was published in four different journals and the IMF of those journals.	0
The years prior to 1999 are not used because the World Bank Data Query does not contain statistics for these dates.	0
our analytical framework, including approaches used for the data collection and analysis.	0
We analyzed the articles related to ophthalmology published in PUBMED indexed journals which were retracted.	1
Shah is a member of the Emerald Literary Network and signatory to BOAI.	0
*Data could not be obtained because number of publications were more than the limitation of ISI (10000).	0
We demonstrate an innovative “mining” methodology, where different elements of Wikipedia content, structure, editorial actions and reader reviews are used to rank items in a manner which is by no means inferior to rankings produced by experts or other methods.	1
Unlike Franceschet and Costantini (2010), we did not find a positive association between the author set cardinality of a document and citation impact.	1
In this way, it will help nurse researchers familiarize themselves with the nascent field of COVID-19 and keep up with related developments.	1
Received: 26 January 2023 Revised: 19 June 2023 Accepted: 27 June 2023	0
Therefore, this paper attempts to propose a preliminary version of a guideline for reporting bibliometric reviews of the literature.	1
Section 2 introduces the FGT families of high- and low-impact indicators that will be used in the empirical part.	0
In summary, there were few empirical studies conducted on the research performance of academic leaders.	1
Notably, this is the first study to quantify the output of individual awards, as there are few data available on the cost per publication and citation arising from anaesthesia grants.	1
We take into account the time dimension in early academic careers and provide empirical evidence for the time difference in achieving the same initial status among young scientists.	1
A comprehensive quantitative evaluation of the finite mixture model literature is presented using bibliometric analysis in this study.	1
For both FSS and average yearly output, our results are not in line with Ruiz-Castillo and Costas (2014), who found productivity distributional shapes to be very similar across fields.	1
K. Damevski is with the Department of Computer Science, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, 23284, U.S.A.	0
This article is an opportunity to share with DNA Repair scientists some research results of a dynamic field in Science studies: spatial scientometrics.	1
The current study minimized any bias in this decision by researchers by exclusively using hybrid journals, thereby controlling for journal quality.	0
In this paper, we present a technique PBC that given an article r, retrieves highly related articles for r, even when r is cited by very few (or even no) articles (e.g., r is recently published).	1
Secondly, we analyze factors influencing funding success, providing a systematic understanding on current funding system.	1
Our study raises intriguing questions about how rising inequalities will shape the evolution of science.	1
In other words, the equation should explain the maximum proportion of the data points and thus minimize the standard error of estimate.	0
In this article, we consider possible modes of engagement with technoscientific security contexts.	1
However, we found the strong links between econometrics and biometrics as well as the relative isolation of scientometrics rather surprising.	1
b Library & Information Consultant, Former Scientist F, National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi (India)	0
To overcome this challenge, I develop a way to identify publications associated with research described in the preliminary results section of each grant application.	1
This finding contributes to an expanding body of literature pertaining to the effect of various non-content related features to the relative number of citations received by articles and invites further study among journals in other disciplines to substantiate the extent of this effect.	1
Department of Public Health and Primary Care, KU Leuven - University of Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
By studying these patterns, we can understand key areas lacking in the current bulk of radiological research and subsequently address them to improve the long-term yield, variety, and impact of radiological studies.	1
3 Coherence graph, optimal K values ranging from k=7 to k=27	0
This has been called 'informed subjectivity' (Chemical and Engineering News, Nov.	0
It is used to say that these sites go with the fashions and the craving of the public.	0
Here, we employed a coauthor network analysis to identify research communities and their evolutionary patterns as the first attempt to characterize the dynamics of collaboration in environmental engineering.	1
However, a broader and detailed disciplinary analysis in a global map of science is still missing, which is essential to better understand the presence and role of social media metrics across disciplines.	1
Each newly assigned CAS academician is assigned to only one region.	0
new layer of mega-journals) shifts in the production of scientific literature, and the subsequent impact they might have on researcher citing behavior.	1
9 All the t-tests in this paper are conducted with single yearly values rather than moving averages.	0
To develop a systematic understanding of researchers' adoption of and attitudes toward preprinting, we conducted a survey of authors of research papers published in 2021 and early 2022.	1
Third, the essence of our work, we improve the NI's dependency on the absolute number of publications of an institution or country in the selected journals.	1
Based on the conducted experiment, four mechanisms have been developed: a) a mechanism for finding a crowd of scholars; b) a mechanism for managing this crowd; c) a mechanism for analysing the input of this crowd; and d) a scenario for software that helps automate the process of crowd-authoring.	1
Third, North America's scientific hegemony has often been attributed to the organizational design of its research universities, which compete more actively for scientific talent and adopt scientific innovations faster than universities and research institutions in Europe (and elsewhere).	1
The current study therefore aims to investigate those factors that may influence collaboration in LIS schools in South Africa.	1
All major decisions were made with team consensus to ensure shared understanding and decision-making.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
The validity of the previously published survey-based ranking lists that employed only a single version of the questionnaire also requires further reassessment.	1
Thanks to our bibliometric analysis, we have mapped an unknown territory until the moment, useful to determine the evaluation of coronavirus publications in the world and the principal characteristics of these scientific publications.	1
Our findings can be explained based on the resource-based view that the motivation for collaboration among researchers is to maintain competitive advantages by securing complementary resources.	1
Thus, this paper fills a clear gap in the literature.	1
The present study complements the two aforementioned studies and examines actual evaluation practice, as visible in mostly publicly available evaluation studies.	1
Our study bridges several research gaps: it uses a large sample of qualitative interviews across multiple countries and disciplines, and contributes to our understanding of whether academics are fully committed to having a profile on SNS, despite their benefits.	1
Therefore, from an academic perspective, this paper seeks to contribute to the research on Open Government.	1
The outputs of this study will provide important data to academics, legislators and policy makers.	1
Finally, the methods and analysis presented in this exploratory research can potentially provide actionable intelligence to early career researchers to tailor their projects.	1
Second, we compare the rankings, based on the value of 17 ranking indicators of 1702 institutions in the field of Chinese Information Management.	1
The analysis provides a novel perspective on the inner workings of highly centralized academic systems, an approach that has became viable only very recently, with rapidly growing access to digitized public administration documents.	1
By proceeding in this manner, the advantages of a review analysis have been combined with the advantages of a bibliometric analysis, providing a more comprehensive view of NLP use in social media research.	1
We acknowledge the helpful comments from an anonymous reviewer and Carl Chen (the Editor), and the research assistance of Anh Nguyen.	0
Acknowledgements This work has been supported by the Croatian Science Foundation under the Project IP-09-2014-9351.	0
This will show that ISF is steadily concerned with core IS topics such as Enterprise Architectures and IS use and at the same time it is maintaining currency with emerging topics of increasing importance such as IS for social good, analytics and Internet of Things (IoT).	1
The percent of international co-authored publications is found by dividing the number of international publications over all publications for each region and period.	0
The novelty character of the proposed perspective work is to give a current snapshot on the relationships existing between metrology, agriculture, and food, and to indicate related current directions and collaboration networks by analyzing research themes and major contributors with reference to country/regions, institutions and types of published papers.	1
It is a noticeable finding in this study that the Price index is very important in every subject field when considering factors influencing citation rates.	1
Differences can also arise because of adopting different methodologies (a feature in both the examples above), since a given methodology generally contains somewhat arbitrary assumptions or choices.	1
Discussions with Professor Gerald Jahoda, his major advisor, and with Dr.	0
This paragraph has benefitted from extensive discussion during the seminar at Ecole d'Hautes Etudes in Paris with Dominique Pestre in June 2007 and the workshop, The changing role of public sector research	0
* Marilynn Oromaner has aided in the preparation of this manuscript.	0
The current study was the first of its type to assess the research in the Arab region in the field of mental health and wellbeing in university students.	1
This bibliometric analysis showed that orthopedics research witnessed rapid development between 2000 and 2011.	1
One strength of this research is the qualitative, non-hypothesis driven, methodological approach, which is consistent with the complexity of reputation and its experiential rather than quantitive nature.	1
Changes in number of hits reported excluding citations by Google Scholar	0
Our first objective is to verify whether patent citations be used as a measure of technological relatedness.	1
Keywords: Information retrieval; Knowledge translation; Journalology; Journal impact factor; McMaster PLUS database; DynaMed plus	0
We use the chord diagram, a graphical method generally used to display interrelationships of genome data, for the first time, mapping the intramural cooperation structure across faculties.	1
Previous studies of international scientific collaboration have rarely gone beyond revealing the structural relationships between countries.	1
The core issue is whether the current standard for high profile journals hurts rather than helps the scientific discovery process.	1
The proposed approach is the first attempt to identify new relationships among therapeutic groups of drugs and use them to infer new drug discovery for autism treatment by mapping drug associations onto their therapeutic groups.	1
We introduce a novel method for path retrieval, viewing the unweighted network as a special case of a weighted network.	1
Dexter has been elected chairman of the Western New York Section for 1969.	0
This regularity explains a similar graph in Waltman et al.	1
Furthermore, the study illuminates a dire problem area in bibliometric analysis that is often overlooked; for those who engage in assessment of international scholarly work, neither the popular citation indexes nor local databases offer an optimal solution.	1
Figure 2.—Revenues of academic health centers expressed in constant 1960 dollars.	0
Thus, the final journal sample (see Appendix) contained 46 journals that appeared only on the Psychiatry list, 42 that appeared only on the Clinical Psychology list, and eight that appeared on both (i.e.	0
This type of qualitative "story" helps libraries demonstrate their value and assess areas of concern.	1
Jay suggested that I read a manual entitled Some Methods for the Statistical Analysis of Samples of Benthic Invertebrates (Elliott, 1977).	0
In this case study we have explored the research developments and features in GMF field to access the research productivity, impact and collaboration pattern, employing SSCI and SCI databases within 1995–2014.	1
Figure 2: The number of published papers on the topic of altruism of each year from 1971 to 2009.	0
The author and research team (Karin Tusting, David Barton, Ibrar Bhatt, and Mary Hamilton) would like to thank all those who participated in the research and gave their time so generously.	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
This is the first survey study to specifically ask researchers about their experiences of funding processes, the perceived effort and burden associated with completing them, and how this effects their work-life balance and well-being.	1
Although this has been done in other surgical specialities, a study of the same size is yet to be completed for plastic and reconstructive surgery.	1
Here, we address this question by analyzing a large-scale dataset, containing all the papers published by the American Physical Society (APS) in 26 years, which allows for a better understanding of scientists' careers evolution in Physics.	1
In theory, the method of co-word analysis is similar to methods of co-citation analysis of papers or authors.	0
The Plagiarism Scoring Rubric offers a way to meet such challenges.	1
Bold letters: r > 0.1 Bold italic letters: r < ?0.1.	0
2 Chronological evolution of the impact of cancer publications in OA and non-OA journals measured a through the analysis of JIF quartiles of journals and b weighted citations received by the papers	0
The table describes the WoS author disambiguation procedure in a fictitious example	0
The central result of our study is that funders and agencies involved in North– South collaborations describe these interactions at least to the same extent with semantics taken from a development policy discourse as they make use of the liberal meta-narratives of science.	1
We thank seminar participants at Australia National University, University of Colorado Boulder, and Colorado State University.	0
This study sought to fill this gap by conducting an analysis of global patenting trends using comprehensive archival data over time.	1
The authors wish to thank Daniel Sastre and Mafalda Burri for their help in extracting data on impact factors and on the number of citations.	0
To cite this article: Katy Jordan (2023) Academics' perceptions of research impact and engagement through interactions on social media platforms, Learning, Media and Technology, 48:3, 415-428, DOI: 10.1080/17439884.2022.2065298	0
Her publications appeared in journals such as Journal of Pragmatics, Critical Discourse Studies and Discourse and Communication.	0
Their conclusions are based on a cross-sectional analysis, however, they do not inquire into the causal nexus between the collaboration behaviors and the performance of these top scientists.	1
The definition of each category, the collection process and final coverage are different according to each provider.	0
Based on the results of the present study, there is an association between certain title characteristics of healthcare articles and inclusion in the “Altmetric Top 100”.	1
This empirical study has shown that although a paper may not be written and published in a high quality manner and journal, it is still possible for the paper to acquire adequate citations and world-wide recognition.	1
Despite that, a few studies have highlighted the development of science in West Africa to the best my knowledge, no study has provided an overall analysis of West African research output over time, the effect of population size, and its relative global	1
Our new ε-index not only meets these criteria, it also adds the ability to compare across disciplines by using a simple scaling approach, and can easily be adjusted for career gaps by subtracting research-inactive periods from the total number of years publishing (t).	1
* For a report that formulates that need even in its title, see MALSCH, 1997a.	0
Columns D to M are the principal focus and contribution of the 2016 update and expansion of the OA APC dataset.	1
Type of contents submitted to the IRs in university libraries in Nigeria and South Africa.	0
First, legal journals should demand that authors disclose the number of citations to the author's own work and to work by colleagues from the author's institution (i.e., disclose “self citations” and “colleague citations,” as we have done in our initial author note).	1
Baldwin, MD, MSPT, MPH, Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, 34th and Civic Center Blvd, 2 Wood Center Philadelphia, PA, USA	0
Most previous researches have pointed to limited number of SEO components of library sites, while this research, in addition to providing a checklist of SEO components, also examined the websites of Iranian medical academic libraries and offered solutions.	1
From the Department of Clinical Studies-Philadelphia, School of Veterinary Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA.	0
Differing from previous studies on identifying and predicting emerging topics using indicators such as growth, citation patterns, or co-word analysis, this study attempts to examine the influence of topic characteristics on their emergence.	1
In conclusion, our bibliometric study critically evaluates the scholarly output of dermatologists in Australia and New Zealand over the last 5 years.	1
We remand the reader to Section 2.2.3 for more details on these points.	0
Boldface indicates a statistically significant difference, which was defined as p <0.05.	0
The top 3 journals in each topic are bolded and shaded.	0
The COVID-19 crisis represents the first time that preprints have been widely used outside of specific communities to communicate during an epidemic.	1
This article proposes a simple axiom-based way to build a practical scholar-ranking metric that incorporates, as simply as possible, the impact/visibility of the journal in which an article appears.	1
To the best of our knowledge there are no previous research results available which focuses on detailed analysis of the research performance of the set of 39 Central Universities in India.	1
This study proposes a new three-stage network DEA model to calculate innovation performance by using two inputs, namely, R&D expenditure and R&D capital, and operation performance by using four inputs, namely, fixed assets, operating costs, operating expenses, and number of employees.	1
The paper has also been significantly improved thanks to the comments of two anonymous reviewers.	0
Data Availability Data generated for this work is available via this link: DOI https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/TY69Z.	0
The CCave indiv of 22 conferences in the next 5 years is shown in Fig.	0
To elucidate a definition in keeping with the principal-agent approach, this paper extends both former explanations of the research article and proposals of publications as attestations to science patrons.	1
This is, to our knowledge, the first paper of its kind to evaluate associations between Altmetric scores and traditional bibliometric markers in the general surgery literature.	1
Acknowledgements We want to thank Professor Ronald Barnett for his helpful comments and suggestions.	0
This study is intended to organize all the research that has been carried out regarding the indigenous communities, their cultural practices, and allied developmental activities, which are often viewed negatively by these communities.	1
2 All quotes have been translated from Dutch by the author.	0
We acknowledge the comments, criticisms and suggestions from participants, especially those of Mary Frank Fox, Monica Gaughan, Philippe Laredo, Julia Melkers, Paula Stephan and John Walsh.	0
The author has no conflict of interest pertaining to this work.	0
Funding This research was supported by the Russian Science Foundation (Grant 20–18-00140).	0
Lucio-Arias and Scharnhorst (2012) connect this proposal with the history of citation network analysis from a mathematical approach.	0
This study contributes to the knowledge on the trends and patterns of conference proceedings citations in theses and dissertations.	1
Through grounding the assessment of fragmentation and interdependency in a network theoretical conceptualisation we recognised that centrality needs to be considered as an opposite of density (Moody, 2004).	1
This study provides further insights into peer review and a modified lottery approach selection in the context of the evaluation of fellowship applications.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG	0
In comparison to the rest of the world, the Arab region has low research productivity due to multiple socioeconomic and political crises that significantly affect the productivity and quality of research (Almansour, 2016).	1
Secondly, based on the aforesaid model, a set of measurements is designed for evaluating enterprises' involvement in standards setting, including the extents of such aspects as participation, contribution, cooperation, co-authorship.	1
The current study aims to provide R&D organizations with insights to make informed decisions concerning the role of incentives in boosting R&D production.	1
The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Evidence for Hypotheses 4 and 5 with the 2017 data is presented in the online appendix.	0
Miss Joyce Geake undertook the library searches and synthesis of data from the first questionnaire.	0
We thank Professors Liang Liming (Henan Normal University, Xinxiang) and Jin Bihui (DICCAS, Beijing) for their support and hospitality.	0
The examples given above may be regarded as a simple dynamic model only.	0
The advance citation-based methods are explored and evaluated using validated publication sets linked to different Danish funding instruments including centers of excellence.	1
* Requests for reprints: Department of Urologic Surgery, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, A-1302 Medical Center North, Nashville, Tennessee 38232-8990.	0
These results provide an objective and valid basis for comparing university performance from 2001 to 2013.	1
Having combined data on funding and publication of Quebec scientists, this article empirically tests the theoretical predictions.	1
First, an improved PageRank (PR) algorithm introducing citation importance is proposed to obtain a new citation-based paper index (CPI) via a pre-ranking and fine-tuning strategy.	1
2 Universidade Estadual Paulista Julio de Mesquita Filho (UNESP), Marília, Brazil	0
Secondly, we study on what extent the scientific relatedness exerts influence on the literature productivity at the country level.	1
This is the first report on the impact of academic articles in neurological disorder on the general public living in our altered information society.	1
Furthermore, prior research on the elite effect in publishing did not ask whether scholars in the highest ranked schools differ on types of outcomes.	1
Yang Ding: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools, Performed the analysis, Wrote the paper.	0
On the other hand, the results related to the RQ2 revealed that the percentile approach (CP), the metric proposed by this paper, is best suited to provide appropriate weights for the citations either for the oldest or for the most recent articles.	1
In the interpretation, we followed the four basic elements proposed by White and Griffith (1981):	0
This study can provide journals with guidelines for their publishing policy, to improve their visibility.	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
some important Chinese journals have been completely transformed into English-language ones	0
In cases where two “senior” authors made equal contributions, I recommend indicating that with a footnote (e.g., “these two authors contributed equally”).	1
Impact Factor or CiteScore) and ‘Frequency of relevant publications' has been employed.	1
More importantly, the effects in our context are cleanly identified, as Chinese surnames are uncorrelated with unobserved heterogeneity.	1
This study offers particular insights about research blogs in which the bloggers use formal citation style.	1
We also wish to thank our referees for their helpful comments.	0
Number of book citations post-1949 and pre-1950 distributed between INSPEC broad subject classifications.	0
It explores the mechanisms underpinning the effect of organizational mobility and foreign nationality on internal career progression.	1
To date, no studies have investigated the authorship knowledge and experiences of medical trainees who have progressed past medical school.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:609314 []	0
In addition, establishing a convention wherein authors identify joint first authors of papers they cite in the reference section will help to reinforce the equal contributions made by researchers.	1
Department of Sociology, University of Oregon, 1291 University of Oregon, Eugene, OR 97403-1291, USA	0
In this section we report the results of the study according to the three variables analyzed.	0
Below, we give some examples of syntax used to count links or Web pages using AltaVista's advanced query facility.	0
Alvin Vista, Graduate School of Education, 100 Leicester St, Parkville, Melbourne, 3100 VIC, Australia.	0
Section 5 presents the discussion, conclusions and implications of the results.	0
We analyzed and compared the more recent publication trends for these periodicals from January 2016 to December 2018 as a way of providing useful feedback to spinal surgeons who are conducting existing research and preparing manuscripts for submission.	1
Furthermore, we like to thank the Editor and the reviewers for their valuable comments on the first version of this paper.	0
Rebecca Abma-Schouten is employed by the Dutch Heart Foundation and as external PhD candidate affiliated with the Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University.	0
The authors are extremely grateful for the RD office team coaches whose meticulous record-keeping made this study possible.	0
Disclaimer: The opinions or assertions contained herein are the private views of the authors and are not to be construed as official or reflecting the views of the Department of the Army, Department of Defense or the US government.	0
First, it will be the initial study to compare faculty and librarian valuations of the exact same title list.	1
The aim of this paper is to extend our knowledge about the power-law relationship between citation-based performance and collaboration patterns for papers by analyzing its behavior at the level of a national science system.	1
*Revision of a paper presented at the 1978 meetings of the Southwestern Social Science Association, Houston, Texas, April 13, 1978.	0
This is derived as follows: (122,778,368/3 =) 40,926,123 relations on average, or 81.8% of the original set.	0
Thus, although the authors found similarities and differences in the present outcomes as compared to other studies, the results of each study are colored by the aforementioned aspects of research design.	0
In 1956 and 1957, two and three issues were published, respectively.	0
To our knowledge, the efficiency estimates reported in this study are the first to have ever been produced at the researcher's level.	1
Downloaded from soc.sagepub.com at GEORGIAN COURT UNIV on April 7, 2015	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
This study offers insights into the mechanisms underlying cumulative advantages fostered through international mobility, while revealing the enduring impact of doctoral mentors throughout the academic career development.	1
The results of this study could help to identify whether influences on JIF exist, whether journal ranking levels are influenced by factors that can be controlled and if so, how.	1
It should be noticed that we intend to investigate the differences in citation quality for documents published in different years, rather than the longitudinal differences for versions of data sources released at different times.	0
The organization of the rest of this paper is as follows.	0
The article investigates what happens when philosophy (of science) meets and begins to establish connections with two formal research methods such as game theory and network science.	1
The second step is called query expansion (Kostoff, Eberhart, & Toothman, 1997).	0
Our approach allows us to explore effects across scientific fields, i.e.	1
International in scope, this journal provides its diverse readership with weekly coverage of major advances in physics and cross-disciplinary developments.	0
This paper was written as a part of the project “Social norms, cooperation and conflict in scientific collaborations” (CONCISE).	0
This study contributes to filling the literature gap with a potential generalized multidisciplinary open banking definition.	1
This article presents the site's characteristics, it criticizes that it might be perceived as a de-facto component of the Open Access movement, it replicates an analysis published in Science using its available usage data, but limiting it to Latin America, and presents implications caused by this site for information professionals, universities and libraries.	1
The unique contributions of this research include: (a) a snapshot of the journals listed in DOAJ as having APCs at a particular point in time (May 2014) that will be useful for forwards and backwards longitudinal studies; (b) descriptive statistics based on publishers' APC title list size; (c) additional details and analysis of pricing variations; and (d) information about the methodological challenges involved in conducting this research at this point in time; in this case the challenges per se are one of the indicators of the volatility of this sector; and (e) descriptive analysis focusing on the variability of the data to support the argument that this sector is not stable at this point in time.	1
The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.	0
Books are not included in the database as a source for citations	0
This is the most recent and comprehensive in their publication series on the global burden of disease.	0
In this work, we proposed a 2-dimensional gALM, which captures the impact and popularity of papers from scientific and social aspects thus providing an intuitive comparison of large-scale papers.	1
E. Visser for discussion, and an anonymous reviewer and the editors for their comments on an earlier version of the manuscript.	0
Finally, the results obtained are dynamic and will inevitably change over time.	0
Interestingly, only 6 studies indicated that authors checked the assumptions of parametric tests, while parametric tests were used 91 times.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
A particularly interesting analysis involves the “outstanding universities”, which have excellent position in one ranking but mediocre position in another.	1
Some predatory journals have even been accused of using fictitious names under pho- tographs of distinguished members of the field.	0
To look at a particular example, for the paper entitled “5G wireless telecommunications expansion: Public health and environmental implications", the value of variety is 47 and disparity is 0.58.	0
As one of the initial studies in scientists' article sharing through ResearchGate, this study provides a holistic picture of how attitudinal, normative and control beliefs all affect scientists' article sharing through ResearchGate.	1
It is no longer based on “dual-concept” diversity, but on the independent operationalization of the three components of diversity: balance, variety, and disparity.	1
J Neurolntervent Surg: first published as 10.1136/neurintsurg-2018-014368 on 11 December 2018.	0
We discuss the emerging CRediT standard for documenting contributions and describe a web-based app and R package called tenzing that is designed to facilitate its use.	1
Acknowledgements This work is a substantially extended version of Rüdiger Mutz's conference paper presented at the 26th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators—STI 2022 (Mutz, 2022).	0
Furthermore, the MLMRJR model differs from the MutualRank model in two ways.	1
Lower citation performance for micro-based keywords and higher citation performance for econometrics-based keywords suggest that there should be caution when a microeconomist is compared to econometrician for the impact of their work.	1
As a new methodological approach to evaluate the review process, we compared the ability of the editorial board to identify and accept later often cited articles with decisions solely based on our prognostic model.	1
This is a new column designed to facilitate in-depth understanding of the data in column D as this data now comes from 3 sources that use different methods (SKC team, WC, DOAJ).	1
Based on the output of our study, we provide the research community of a new data set for analyzing recent changes in interdisciplinary practices in a large sample of European universities.	1
This is a list composed by us on the basis of the results of many CWTS studies with NPs from scientific publications; it can be requested for research purposes from the first author of this publication.	0
We show how the reliability of the GS data for the bibliometric analysis of the assessment can be improved by excluding non-verifiable citing sources from the full second-order GS citing data.	1
Compared to this paper, we have enlarged the list of rankings studied.	1
In our study, we focus on one of the understudied regions (the Arab world), and present a novel study on the ColNet of researchers in this region.	1
In this paper, we present a hybrid methodology for the analysis of intra-institutional co-authorship networks extracted from CRIS databases.	1
The data that we have collected enable us to compare the bundle prices charged by commercial publishers with those of nonprofit societies and to examine the types of price discrimination practiced by commercial and nonprofit journal publishers.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Rank analysis of most cited publications, a new approach for research assessments	1
As RUMSEY [2002] says, "References should lead the reader directly to the cited document, not send him on a time-consuming, possibly fruitless search".	0
Vicente is a professor of engineering at the University of Toronto.	0
J., et al., CSIRO Division of Animal Physiology Annual Report (1966/67).	0
TABLE 3 The number of publications and citations by the type of publication	0
We propose a bottom-up, quiet revolution that will help our community move from competition to collaboration, from financially crippling to free, from closed to open access, a quiet revolution that will bring about a gradual shift in the way research work and individual scholars are evaluated by university committees and funding agencies.	1
The results of this study, monitored by KoreaMed and KoreaMed Synapse, point to the positive changes in national ethics.	1
Each panel reports results on the number of residual publications in the indicated performance bin.	0
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
PTs of the initial analysis (stars): CCT: controlled clinical trial; CT: clinical trial;	0
To better understand how research influences policy, we propose a framework based on policy objectives, rather than academic disciplines.	1
This study is part of a larger project of Web data mining for business intelligence funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC).	0
Third, we base our analysis of researcher-level future impact on the social capital theory (Nahapiet & Ghoshal, 1998).	1
Twitter is a social network created in 2006, that brings together hundreds of millions of users around its minimalist concept of microblogging, allowing users to post and interact with messages known as 'tweets" (https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company.html, 2020).	0
This combination of factors has led to a rapid increase in scientific document production.	0
The other remarkable finding was the high number of keynotes for OMICS (15.4%).	1
We stress to the reader that this survey and study are designed to serve as preliminary analyses designed to illustrate and quantify abstract ideas in a new and interesting way.	1
Our studies suggest that the quality and the impact of publications are not inevitably associated.	1
As another example, r may represent the number of citations to an author's work during time t and f_r,t is defined as the number of authors who were cited r times during this period.	0
By analyzing both quantitative and qualitative data this paper will provide deeper understanding of faculty's perceptions of the library, their library use, and the library's impact on their research productivity.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In this article we considered the question if a ground-breaking scientific contribution is always visible through citations and pointed out a new type of scientific contributions referred to as under-cited influential publications.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
A new development is the analysis of sleeping-beauty-like behavior of patents, see Hou and Yang (2019).	1
A clustering procedure to deal precisely with our type of symbolic data has been developed (Korenjak-?erne, Kej?ar, & Batagelj, 2010; Korenjak-?erne, Batagelj, & Japelj Pave?i?, 2011) and has been termed a modal multivalued symbolic data clustering procedure.	1
Recently, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) released a new article-level metric, the relative citation ratio (RCR), which aims to improve on popular author-level citation indices.	1
We use web applications that are now available to visualize scientific excellence worldwide in several subject areas, to see how Indian universities and research-focused institutions fare in the world of high-end research.	1
Finally, Alan Stiles and Thomas Boat have been critical to the development and support of the Evening of Scholarship since its inception.	0
In our current research, we identify those institutions that are largely responsible for the knowledge published in POM, provide benchmarks for comparing institution's research productivity in the journal, and provide deserved recognition to the most prolific research institutions that have shaped and defined the journal.	1
Moreover, the concept of acknowledgments as positioning signals permits gaining a nuanced understanding of the social structures emerging from acknowledgments analysis, highlighting that they include both informal collaboration ties and prestige dynamics, i.e., what we have called “networks of alliances”.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
In this paper, we group countries according to impact factors of their Web of Science publications and then look at the paths from funding sources to citation impact through decisions made by authors such as collaboration type and where to publish and how this affects the end result.	1
The funnel plot methodology is unlike traditional research performance rankings in that it allows the measurement and visualization of uncertainty.	1
Recently, while many researchers have adopted generative probabilistic models for topic detection and tracking, few have compared generative probabilistic models with traditional cocitation and co-word methods in terms of their overall performance.	1
Our current analysis provides, to the best of our knowledge, the first comprehensive global analysis of high-quality published research in the field of reproductive medicine.	1
The numerator shows, the share of the patent observations of type i, for each year.	0
Here we show that, although no causal nexus can be established, the RG Score is strongly correlated with overall reads and, to less extent, to the ratio between full-texts deposited in the repository and overall research items featured in the researcher's profile page.	1
This article presents a new way to explore the evolution of academic collaboration network in the field of computer science by building and analyzing the Turing Award Collaboration Network for decades.	1
3 Distribution of (a) publish years, (b) citation times of valid manuscripts that got published	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
For China and India the other socioeconomic parameters were only available for 2005 from the mentioned sources.	0
Finally, our analysis advances our understanding of how interested promotion shapes producer legacies.	1
In addition, new indicators are created from the existing ones to delve into the nuances of the measure of absolute and relative presence, of the quality of the presence of universities by specialties and fields or of performance.	1
(2013), who analyze a specific form of credit misallocation, namely the misalignment of scientific authorship and inventorship in patent-publication pairs (PPPs).	1
The authors have no funding and conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
Keywords Intellectual structure · E-learning · Author co-citation analysis · MIS	0
This will be discussed further on when considering the regression results below.	0
Humphreys, Sanchez de la Sierra, and van der Windt go a step further, carrying out a plan that I and others have often recommended but have never actually done: before carrying out their analysis, they simulated fake data and used it to prepare a “mock report" which they publicly released.	1
Thus, our study complements previous efforts in understanding the potential health benefits of awards (e.g., Rablen & Oswald, 2008) by exploring in more detail the conferral timing.	1
For instance, the AOM developed a group to foster research from and with African researchers, investing in not only marketing efforts but also travel funds to encourage higher visibility of African research.	0
That is not to imply or suggest that JIF has no informational value.	0
If one considers the book as the macro unit of thought and the periodical article the micro unit of thought, then...	0
This study shows that in addition to interdisciplinarity, the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research is also affected by the citation characteristics of interdisciplinary components, namely ICCI.	1
For a list of the terms and concepts, see Appendix A.	0
A point we thank one of our anonymous reviewers for highlighting.	0
This article adds to the existing literature by providing a comprehensive view of the technology existing in the 1940s and 1950s, not focusing on computing in particular, and explicitly identifying the technologies and companies that led to the emergency of CG techniques in the 1960s.	1
Since not all new field entries are alike in terms of their distance to the scientist's existing expertise and since distance will affect the risk-reward trade-off, we not only analyze them as binary outcomes but also consider the distance of new field entries and whether they are particularly remote from the scientist's current field(s) of research.	1
2School of Politics and International Relations, Queen Mary University of London, London, UK	0
The originality of the contribution lies in its problematizing of three established approaches that feature debates on the transformation of the academy.	1
In this paper, we have proposed WEIG – Wroclaw Effectiveness Indicator for Grants, a measure that helps to quantify the effectiveness of research grants.	1
Therefore, this study identifies the historical roots and origins of the positive psychology research and the most important publications that have formed this field from scientometrics perspective using RPYS.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
This study's findings echo many of the concerns in the literature (for example, Muller 2017; Tomaselli 2018; Vaughan 2008) and add the empirical data of academics' perspectives on the unintended consequences of this phenomenon.	1
We propose a way to renormalize citation metrics to remove the incentive to pursue research quantity via anomalously high publication and/or new co-authorship rates rather than aiming for quality and potentially path-breaking advances.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there have been no studies to date attempting to identify or reveal the overall bibliometric relationships of major knowledge areas from all Brazilian researchers (macrolevel analysis) because of the difficulty in obtaining academic data, such as scholarly publications, and the complexity of processing data from massive lists of publications.	1
This reveals that existing educational and research systems partly fail to foster research integrity.	1
This study is the most comprehensive analysis of predictors for scientific neurosurgical research articles.	1
Indeed, we mathematically analyse the relation between the global and the average indexes.	1
Our study fills this gap by exploring whether the timing of international mobility matters for long-term research outcomes (volume and impact of research), and whether moving in “large leaps” – in what we call the radical step mobility pattern – between institutions of very different standing brings superior or inferior results compared to more conservative mobility patterns.	1
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
This study sheds light on the way to prevent wasteful conflicts and achieve successful implementation of new policies.	1
The observation, that few authors are patent holders, is similar to Meyer's, especially in the first subperiod.	0
These findings offer significant insights into the education system in regard to science and technology, namely policy implications for science funding and management strategies for research funds.	1
To advance bibliometric analyses in the social sciences this study applies a metric to a publication dataset to examine how authorship credit allocation on published manuscripts might influence factors related to proliferation.	1
A more complete analysis for the period 2000-2002 can be found in reference (Schubert & Gl?nzel, 2006).	0
As an exploratory study, these findings can start a conversation about what librarians can include when designing training for researchers on publishing.	1
We would like to express our deep thanks to two anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
Who are JFM's most prolific authors and their affiliated institutions and countries or territories?	0
For instance, in Figure 1, A–I are all nodes while links such as A → B is an edge.	0
These findings underscore the need for strategies to manage and promote gold OA publishing effectively while addressing the challenges posed by policy restrictions.	1
In summary, our research offers a novel lens through which the academic community can view the influence of age diversity on the impact of scholarly work.	1
This article thus addresses several overlapping issues that provide difficulties for researchers in the field of counting tables and graphs.	1
The notion of critical divergence is introduced and the exhibition of interdisciplinary interaction in emerging fields due to critical divergence is discussed.	1
Chubin, School of Social Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332.	0
Unlike in physics, letters journals do not appear to be important in fish science.	0
Therefore, this paper argues that the SEIRS epidemic mode, ich has a certain latent state (E) and feedback mechanism (R to S), is more consiste...........e nature of the knowledge diffusion process in scientific collaboration, and is more suitabe to function as the basic model of differential dynamics for knowledge diffusion in sc、tific collaboration networks.	1
Journals that were clustered together with similar colors in the bibliographic network represented similarities in their publishing scope as Gautam (2019) reported in a study applying scientometrics to analyze research publications using classification schemes.	0
The problem now is how to find a single index that can aggregate properties of variety, balance, and disparity in a meaningful way and without much loss of information.	0
Lacy, and Vincent Dautel, the two reviewers of this article, and the participants of the 2011 Atlanta Conference on Science, Technology, and Innovation Policy and the 2011 European Sociological Association Conference.	0
Still, most existing studies have focused on the role of higher education institutions and research institutes in securing research grants and thereby neglected the role of private firms.	1
An analysis of Figure 3 revealed that the best ranked features (in decreasing order) for each of the considered datasets were:	0
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License which permits any use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author(s) and the source are credited.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first comparative study, providing views of researchers about the challenges of carrying out research in Nepal among those stationed in Nepal and abroad.	1
More precisely, we suggest the following new normalized version of the g-index, gN.	1
Bibliometric studies of single journals have been performed, but to the best of our knowledge, bibliometric analysis and bibliometric mapping have not yet been used to analyse the literature production of the Journal of Advanced Nursing.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00-00, 2017	0
The data set, available online via Figshare, was analyzed using Microsoft Excel [11].	0
The register, indexes and home pages used to identify participants and collection of data were all in the public domain.	0
Future research on these collaborative relations may reveal this in more detail.	0
The topics relating to these courses are given in Appendix III.	0
Figure 2 depicts how we prepared the input files for a clearer understanding.	0
The authors wish to thank JISC and SURF for funding this research.	0
Unfortunately, bibliometrics has never been used in the field, although Beghetto et al.	1
All the logarithms in this study are natural logarithms and all the statistical tests in this study are at the significance level of 5%.	0
We hope the findings reported here will aid other academic nursing programs in advocating for the best resources to promote and highlight their faculty's scholarly endeavors.	1
We present four feasible schemes to consolidate citation counts for the articles with both versions and also propose a universal scheme based on the research output.	1
Eventually, the two tendencies should compensate each other and have no major effect on the NIF of senior scientists.	0
The Radicchi index is a useful measure of scientific impact and productivity that advances the h-index by allowing interspecialty comparisons.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
We caution that acknowledged funding is not the same as application for, or receipt of, funding.	0
However, seven of them satisfy the new criteria for sleeping beauties proposed in this study.	1
The regional approach can also be observed in the second cluster (CL 2), where the authors from the Universidade Federal da Paraíba (UFPB) prevail, in a partnership with the Universidade Federal de S?o Carlos (UFSCar), represented in the group by one author.	0
The developed platform and protocol (LICIEXAM) can help to meet these requirements.	1
The number of papers and the numbers of citations to them are presented in Table 1.	0
Nevertheless, our findings make clear that citation metrics fall far short of fully accounting for who has been elected to AAS fellowship.	1
The authorship-weighted scheme (AWS) applied to evaluated IRAs with dashboards on Google Maps has been particularly illustrated and introduced in this study.	1
In this context, this study contributes to the literature on higher education research by empirically assessing Macfarlane's (2012) assertions regarding higher education research.	1
The internet has been the catalyst for radical new business models across numerous fields and industries.	0
These knotty substantive issues are not discussed by Hargens and Herting.	0
Affiliations of the authors: University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio (TAM); Drexel University, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (KWM).	0
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2016, Vol.	0
This is a balanced text, providing reasons both for and against family overrule.	0
This study enables us to understand the contemporary Silk Road of knowledge dissemination and that virtual social interactions shape the structure of human knowledge, as indicated by the massive records of online-based collaborative knowledge in the form of Wikipedia.	1
Thus, in 2010, we developed a straightforward, yet dynamic methodology for identifying and attributing recently published journal articles with a known pool of researchers receiving support from the CTSA program.	1
"Data collection and validation methods" section describes the data collection process and the method used to verify the new indicator;	0
The model provides a novel explanation that links task assignment at the granular level and the technology frontier.	1
Proportion of collaborative articles (collaborative rate) for diverse citation strata (1976 to 2004).	0
The objective of this study was to determine the degree to which articles published by a major predatory publisher in the health and biomedical sciences are cited in systematic reviews.	1
A simple test for strategic self-citations without self-citation information was proposed.	1
For each index, the vector and non vector formulas are presented.	0
Analyzing policy document publication citation practices is a new research field, which is currently being explored [27].	1
Comparable data could not be evaluated from public data for non-OA articles (with or without free access).	0
Received 23 May 2023; Received in revised form 22 December 2023; Accepted 25 December 2023	0
This article aims to kick-start the discussion on this subject, by focusing on the roles played by national scientific associations in Portugal.	1
It updates a similar analysis published in 2006 and determines whether citation patterns have changed over time.	1
Methodology used for this work is described in the next section.	0
This article aims to contribute to the existing literature by examining the link between facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation and research productivity as well as the role of government assistance in this link.	1
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
Funding Open Access funding enabled and organized by CAUL and its Member Institutions.	0
* Lee DuBridge once said, “Whenever you find a highly successful group, I suggest you seek the cause of its success by finding a man or small group of men who have created the spirit of the place and who knew how to preserve that spirit.”	0
Successfully synthesising and representing all the important changes that have taken place within the overall conceptual structure of bank marketing is a real challenge.	1
Despite these extraordinary characteristics, no bibliometric analysis of their research has ever been published, leaving unanswered basic questions such as what trends and gaps currently exist in our knowledge about them.	1
The article appeared to be a regular article from a regular journal.	0
This paper shows that, depending on writing complexity in determining article importance, scientific communication in some research fields exhibits accessibility-salient equilibria in which scholars are most attentive to accessibility and less sensitive to article importance.	1
As a pioneer work in understanding and predicting noncumulative future research impact, we hope this study can inspire more studies that systematically understand the academic career of individuals.	1
It indicates the extent to which an individual is near all other individuals in a network directly or indirectly.	0
We first start by describing the main characteristics of the IEOR network.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 6 times since 2018*	0
Building on these findings, this study sheds light on the possibility to apply user engagement metrics in measuring deeper levels of Twitter reception of scholarly information.	1
Table 3 Relative visibility of Finnish research publications in OA journals between 2012 and 2014 by fields and platforms	0
*The percentage reflects the number of scientific publications in technologies in each year out of the total publications for that year	0
To our knowledge, this is the first extensive bibliometric analysis methodology that could be used to perform bibliometric analysis on data retrieved from multiple databases.	1
This information is very useful in order to identify the leading trends in this area.	1
We query the claim that when more funding is acknowledged this is inherently undesirable and we express our doubts that subjecting the allocation of funding to researchers to a bureaucratic management process will necessarily increase the impact of research.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
More accurate documentation of funding sources in published articles would benefit researchers, funders and journals, and enhance the reliability and usefulness of studies on funding acknowledgments.	1
The authors thank the useful comments made by two anonymous reviewers.	0
Some of these classifications are constructed on the basis of the specific analysis, e.g.	0
We suggest that these are the numbers that should be used as comparators when program outcomes are being assessed.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
However, we do argue that the hIa-index and the related CAY metric provide an important additional perspective over and above a ranking based on publications in high impact journals alone.	1
The use of both size-dependent and size-independent indicators in URAP-TR allowed us to identify distinctive features along which Turkish universities can be clustered.	1
Model 1 When copyright is removed, and the reader price is constrained to be equal to 0, the profit of the journal is given by π = Pana = Pa(β2βa) 1/3 .	0
With this study we hope to improve our understanding of gender differences in science, by taking performance differences into account—something that is lacking from many former studies.	1
Further studies on the internationalisation of general practice journals may be needed.	0
This study examines publication policies that affect authors and readers from LMICs.	1
Full details of the exclusion process are available in Appendix B.	0
This paper addresses the topic of the article processing charges (APCs) that are paid when publishing articles using the open access (OA) option.	1
This additional metrics parameter reflects a number of written papers by individual authors and solves discrepancies between small and large author list publications.	1
A second problem related to methodology has to do with the type of employment itself.	0
In this paper, we suggested a new measure by adding additional information about which articles would be still active to have continuous influence, and on this basis, we detected the long-term impact of journals.	1
The author wishes to thank Mike Thelwall for his helpful comments on an early version of this manuscript and the anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments.	0
Our manuscript innovates by extending the term to include strategies developed out of the wish to thrive or the need to survive in a competitive intellectual environment.	1
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Moreover, we are further adding to the methodology used by our colleagues in other specialties by including a per capita measure that normalizes the weighted metrics based on the number of faculty in each department.	1
In the 2004–2014 period, the influential papers published in EE on the three themes related to ecosystem services (payment for, valuation, and categorization) received the largest number of citations (12.6%, 10.1%, and 10%, respectively, 32.7% altogether), while sustainable development and ecological economics decreased in importance and received only 6.5% and 4.1% of the citations to influential articles, respectively (Fig.	1
Its findings may be useful for the editors of the IJLM to map the way forward for the journal.	1
We develop a theoretical analogy of academic feudalism in regard to three dimensions: power relations, engagement with companies, and the impact of structural changes on the autonomy of scholars.	1
Case reports were included, but their exclusion did not alter the result of our analysis.	0
Direct correspondence to Pierre Azoulay, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management, 100 Main Street, E62-487, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142.	0
This implies that only about 1.16% of the words appear in IE literature.	0
However, most studies have been conducted in North America, and no study has yet investigated the evolution of interdisciplinary relations in LIS doctoral dissertation topics on other continents.	1
From the DeWitt Daughtry Family Department of Surgery, Division of Surgical Oncology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Fla	0
Firstly, the proposed thematic classification can be used by other researchers for further studies that intend to analyse these disciplines in detail.	1
This study is limited by the ad-hoc selection of Scopus narrow categories and the lack of a formal evaluation for the usefulness of the terms found by the method.	0
However, little is known about the relationship between science and technology [1,2], particularly in different scientific fields, countries, worldwide, and over time.	1
This result gives a useful insight into how popularity diminishes with time in online community.	1
If the regression model is true, about 5% of observations will have studentized residuals outside of the ranges [?2, 2].	0
This study aims to investigate network-based indices for authors ranking that have not been given due attention in the literature.	1
There were totally 1727 journals listed in the 122 Science Citation Index subject categories.	0
Pelfry from the University of Alabama, Birmingham for providing us with the sampling list.	0
Like OpenCitations Corpus, OpenCitations in Context Corpus content is derived from the open access subset provided by PubMed Central and is also collected using the Europe PubMed Central REST API and publicly distributed under the CCO protocol.	0
This study provides the first comprehensive investigation of OPR adoption, its early adopters and the implementation approaches used.	1
This research is useful for the researchers interested in the field of bibliometrics as it postulates an inclusive indication of provenance in the field of library and information science.	1
He is co-author of 3 books and more than 30 publications on international journals and proceedings.	0
This work provides an overview of the international research on Imaging from a bibliometric and social network analysis of a wide collection of published and indexed papers in a recent decade.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Properties of the evolving LIS coauthorship network from 1988 to 2007.	0
These factors input a large random variation in the process of publishing time, and unfortunately, they cannot be accurately examined.	0
With this held in mind, I propose an alternative—one in which we serve as ambassadors of collective action and progress and seek generative ways to amplify our limited energy and resources.	1
At least three errata-original pairs were checked for each journal unless noted.	0
Moreover, we would hope to present a means of accurately assessing the impact of multidisciplinary megajournals.	1
Our findings suggest that the quality of research and the wellbeing of the lab members depend not only on purely scientific factors and routine research and work practices but are also dependent on the culture of the lab as it manifests in interpersonal relationships.	1
However, in our research, we have worked with a much larger data set with administrative, biographical, and publication and citation data (“Polish Science Observatory,” with national registry data and Scopus data combined) in which biological age was provided for over 20,000 scientists and scholars.	1
The final version of the coding framework contains 7 meta-categories and 25 sub-categories resulting in an Intercoder Reliability value of 0.83 for organic chemistry and 0.74 for political science.	0
The presented library fills the gap in the lacking functionality by enabling a quick, easy and configurable means of retrieving related data.	1
1 ESSCA School of Management, 1 rue Joseph Lakanal, 49003 Angers, France	0
However, the authors are unaware of studies on the impact of collaboration between countries in research into oral implants and how it has been influenced by the income status of the country.	1
This study will provide information of the extent and pattern of collaboration with researchers in Africa and the rest of the world.	1
The research reported here, based on the literature in tardigrade research, was a first exploration of life sciences acknowledgments behavior beyond the lab.	1
The analysis provides new evidence on how some of the more recent citation-based metrics and the more established h index that is championed by review bodies, evaluate the output of these leading scholars in the field of accounting.	1
Prior to the contribution of Ioannidis et al., we were unaware of any valid and reliable way to (a) identify who are the major scientific contributors to gerontology and (b) their disciplinary origins.	1
4 accept for publication with the minor revisions suggested in the attached review	0
'Grassroots' humanities scholars were not given a proper say in quality matters.	1
Research during medical school may be more important than previously recognized in leading to careers as clinician-investigators.	1
The author declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
766 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—July 2002	0
Keywords: bias; evaluation; journal review system; manuscript review; peer review; publication practices; ratings; refereeing; reliability; science management	0
The tracking of the status and trends of research activities in ESWA journal will contribute to a better understanding of the scientific knowledge landscapes and their impacts in this influential journal.	1
Finally, we discuss the results in light of the suggested hypotheses and consider theoretical and practical implications.	0
This project grew out of a suggestion made by Dean Peterson, formerly of the Royal Society of New Zealand.	0
In both of these resources, very little is discussed about the overall quality of the peer review itself.	1
Detecting and investigating academic-age-aware collaboration behaviors can shed new light on the scientific collaboration mechanisms.	1
So what secrets of the big deal have Freedom of Information requests allowed us to uncover?	1
Table 4 shows the journals that were cited four or more times.	0
This evaluation of the publication performance and research output of neurology and neurosurgery training institutes would serve as a baseline data for future evaluations and comparisons.	1
Our study suggests that retraction of articles has no association with the number of citations in the long term across all quartiles.	1
Considering the enormous progress in the field of neuropharmacology and its global importance, as well as the lack of bibliometric studies examining this field as a whole, it is a high time to assess the prevailing topics and citation performances of its research works.	1
Hence, a key factor in evaluation is determining the components of team function that are most important to that team’s scientific questions.	0
Using these large and disciplinarily broad datasets, we will show that there are significant variations in the distributions that have not been reported before.	1
Correspondence to Dr Elizabeth Wager, Sideview, 19 Station Road, Princes Risborough, HP27 9DE, UK; liz@sideview.demon.co.uk	0
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
Received: 7 February 2019; Accepted: 22 March 2019; Published: 28 March 2019	0
Practical contributions consist of descriptive and analytical findings based on actors’ performances and the regions’ competencies.	1
Although many authors have analyzed the impact of leading scholarly journals on the intellectual structure of different management disciplines what role popularization journals play in the management discourse remains unclear.	1
Section III presents the results of the descriptive statistics of the data.	0
The estimated impact factor 2013 is at 2.01.	1
correspondingly this research proposed library print holding as a better indicator of book impact assessment instead of total library holdings.	1
The findings also provide evidence for breaking stereotypes and narrowing the gender gap in team science, possibly resulting from the team atmosphere and the role of the two genders in collaboration (Ceci & Williams, 2011; Dias et al., 2020; Takeda & Homberg, 2014; Voyer & Voyer, 2014).	1
Quentin Haas and David Vicente Alvarez contributed equally to this work.	0
Finally, it is important to clarify that regression analysis only captures the relationship between the independent and dependent variables and does not show the causality of the relationship.	0
Appendix 6: Top Twenty-Five High-Priced Print Scholarly Scientific, Technical, and Medical Journals, 2002	0
To obtain positive counts, we show the exponential of log demeaned by citing and cited country (thereby using the geometric mean).	0
The D-index, proposed in this study, is a “ratio of ratios” which allows for simplified quantification of an individual's citations relative to that of a group.	1
However, not everybody can embrace these developments in such a positive way.	0
We would like to thank an anonymous referee for calling our attention to this point.	0
The reasons for selecting one department instead of random sampling from all departments are as follows.	0
This empirical evidence that preprint usage varies with the career stage, institution size, and country helps to identify barriers surrounding large-scale adoption of preprinting in ecology and evolution.	1
In theory, articles can attract readers on the social reference sharing site Mendeley before they can attract citations, so Mendeley altmetrics could provide early indications of article impact.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The current study attempts to explore the publishing behaviour of Arab scholars in social science and humanities disciplines.	1
Research funding: This study is supported by MOE (Ministry of Education in China) Project of Humanities and Social Sciences (18YJA870004).	0
Received September 4, 2012; Accepted May 30, 2013; Published July 8, 2013	0
Downloaded by Kent State University At 00:47 05 November 2017 (PT)	0
This article is intended to spark debate on the practice of citing databases in scholarly publications.	1
See also Hall and Miller (2009, 2010) and references therein for more details on statistical assessment of the authority of rankings.	0
In recent years, there have been increasing interests in the study of scholarly collaboration among the researchers and public circles.	0
The bibliometrics reported here, some of them for the first time in neurosurgery (m-quotient, hc-index, and IF), were calculated to ensure the greatest level of accuracy, as described in the Methods section.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
In the present work we have tried to do research performance assessment of the set of 39 Central Universities in India using standard Scientometric and data analysis techniques.	1
By proposing a population model for the academic community, our approach creates a systematic method to describe the size as well as the composition of the community (in terms of immigrants, seniors and their offspring) over time.	1
Future studies will explore empirical criterion, for evaluating time period settings.	0
The following query was used: SO = (SCIENTOMETRICS) AND PY = 1978–2010 AND Document Types = (Article OR Proceedings Paper).	0
Hence, we formulate an alternative hypothesis, 2, which contrasts with our first hypothesis.	0
However, with hundreds of papers being signed by one thousand or more authors, a new approach is needed.	1
Providing a detailed classification of the types of citations that an article receives is important to establish the quality of a study and to characterize how current research builds upon prior work.	1
However, no top-cited bibliometric analysis has been conducted on the whole field of the neurodegenerative disease, which encompasses a broad array of conditions that include AD, PD, HD, MS, and ALS, with distinct clinical and pathological features.	1
In this article, we attempt to reconcile the conflicting findings in prior work by estimating the effect of research spending on university knowledge production directly.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tgis20	0
In this paper we have developed and presented a framework that allowed us to quantitatively investigate how different topics have risen in the (de)centralization literature and have influenced it.	1
We have also cautiously introduced the idea of strengthening the role of contradicting citations to rehabilitate the clear expression of judgment in scientific papers.	1
Author affiliations: Luddy School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47408	0
Department of Probability Theory and Cybersecurity, RUDN University, Moscow (Russian Federation)	0
The advantages of the extraction methods in this study are not limited to certain journals, disciplines or databases.	1
Ai-Yuan Liu and Shi-Ying Li have contributed equally to this work.	0
However, a comprehensive assessment testing whether OA confers greater citations while taking differeneces among subject areas into account is lacking.	1
Her research and teaching interests are epistemology of knowledge organization, knowledge organization ethics, archival knowledge organization, and domain analysis.	0
neuroscience, psychology) to form networks connected by pipelines that have the potential to break (Holmes et al., 2014), and map these networks using graph theory.	1
Topics are sourced from the themes of the articles published by each author.	0
1 Indeed, after the 2008 exercise, the reviewers were explicitly told to destroy any notes they may have made during the process to avoid FOI requests or litigation.	0
The chief advantage of such a methodology is that one can show the change in importance of a cited reference in "elite publications" relative to all other cited references in a given year of citing papers.	1
The present study extends the results of the latter study from the natural sciences to economics.	1
The numbers in parentheses represent the JIF and the number of reviews included in the sample.	0
Numbers in parentheses are the expected frequency of the chi-square test.	0
The first section discusses some theoretical arguments for diversity and differentiation in the higher education system.	0
The next section ‘Materials and Methods' describes the data collection and processing methodology in detail.	0
This approach has been mostly unexplored and is open to analysis by researchers who wish to try new challenges.	1
aNote these ages are now dated and, therefore, must be treated as rough guides.	0
We are yet to touch upon the underlying topics of the papers being published by SIGCOMM venues.	0
Is the dissection of cadavers a necessary part of medical education?	0
Here we identify this tension by uncovering two types of scientific mobility patterns through the bimodality observed in R/Rg.	1
The research domain was selected for study because of the increasing significance postsecondary institutions give to research productivity as the “gold standard” for measuring career progress in terms of promotion and tenure (cf., Clark, 1987, 1995; Creswell, 1985; Dey, Milem, and Berger, 1997).	0
aThe results refer to the respondents answering “Agree” or “Completely agree.”	0
The research presented in this article can be fundamentally seen as a methodological development in the scientometric toolset to explore the cognitive relatedness of publications and topics to a certain subject or concept, genuinely based on citation relationships.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 617 times since 2011*	0
We performed a larger, more detailed assessment and found that journals differed by the frequency and content of errata reporting.	1
The proposed bibliographic network model covers information for research institutes and projects.	1
N. Whitehead's famous quote: “Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them.	0
Section 3 reviews the extant literature concerning the impact of IT on publishing outcomes and collaboration.	0
According to our knowledge, little is known about the practices, factors, and barriers affecting research engagement among medical graduates, especially when comparing national and international students.	1
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV CALIFORNIA SANTA BARBARA on June 26, 2015	0
To illustrate how the decomposition works, consider the period from 2000 to 2009 (Panel B of either table), when the share of papers that are internationally collaborative shrank by 0.4% points (Δλ = 0.196–0.192).	0
In the lower time series, the meaning of android evolves to include the mobile phone operating system.	0
Keywords Global science · Scientific collaboration · Connectivity · China · Turkey	0
We then profile researchers based on contribution statements and explore how those profiles evolve.	1
Moreover, those that exist are often limited to publications in the area of Geriatrics and Ger- ontology [6, 7, 11–13, 21].	1
Each point indicates the mean position of a country in the studied period	0
In the next section, we outline the Hix method and report the findings for the six Irish institutions under consideration.	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
An effective text generation technique is proposed to handle class imbalance the problem for determining the citation text's sentiment into positive, negative, or neutral.	1
This study, on contrary the others, excludes the impact related factors (IF, 5 year IF, article influence) since they don’t improve the model’s preferability.	1
This insight can provide us with new ideas for selecting reviewers more consciously to escape the vicious circle for females.	1
This paper introduces a refinement of the worth that we call the balanced worth, which overcomes its excessive sensitivity to the differences in the outcome distributions, by taking into account the probability of ties.	1
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
sociology journals (the worldwide publication shares are estimated as: English: 81.4%, French: 4.8%, German: 3%).	0
Refined by: Subject Areas = (ECONOMICS);” and (h) select “Create Citation Report” to navigate to a page containing the required data on the average number of citations per article and h-index.	0
Complementary to the taxonomy mobility model proposed by Robinson-Garcia (2019), the authors delineate the scholarly mobility by demonstrating and clustering scientific mobility patterns within nations, as well as internationally.	1
1School of Physical and Health Education, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada K7L 3N6; 2School of Human Kinetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada V6T 1Z1.	0
This study provides key insights and understanding into the quality, content and value of feedback provided to NIHR applicants.	1
Overall, our classification is broadly similar to that of ABS but is more well-grounded in that it is based on actual citation patterns between journals rather than ad-hoc judgements.	1
Finally, the names of territories may change because of political conflicts and war.	0
For brevity, the members of the sets are described here as “papers,” although book reviews and other kinds of literature are included.	0
Received December 30, 2009; revised March 12, 2010; accepted March 15, 2010	0
The different aspect from Butts' model is that we reduced one hyperparameter, the parameter of the ground-truth distribution of the edges of the network to be analyzed, because this distribution is hard to know in practice.	1
While we sincerely hope for the suggested reforms, we suggest an intervention that could proceed independently, and would still be complementary to any other measures taken: an intervention for the birth of spin-off universities, newly staffed by migration of only the top scientists from the existing universities and national research system.	1
The covariate (research career length) was non-significant (at α = .01) in this analysis	0
Received: 27 July 2018 Revised: 10 September 2018 Accepted: 11 September 2018	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2014	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This finding is independent of the gender perspective and new to the literature.	1
Weber-Main is assistant professor of medicine, Department of Medicine, University of Minnesota Medical School, Minneapolis, Minnesota.	0
(The classification as ‘Review’ is derived from the Thomson- Reuters database, which uses number of references cited as its main criterion for classifying an article as a Review.	0
These models are a first step towards a quantitative understanding of the timing and effectiveness of the humoral immune response in reducing host viremia and consequently the epidemic spread of WNV.	1
However, the most notable finding of this analysis is the absence of a correlation with the M-quotient (R2=0.079) and the rate of highly cited paper (R2=0.0074), indices considered to reflect impactful contributions and used in previous studies (Nicholson and Ioannidis 2012).	1
The increased interest in an impact measurement of research on other areas of the society than research has led in scientometrics to an investigation of altmetrics.	1
Findings from the study are insightful in understanding knowledge generation and dissemination in Nigeria.	1
The authors hope this contribution enables the geotechnical community to assess where academic-led innovation is focused and identify which are the mature and emerging research areas.	1
Received 15 March 2019; Received in revised form 27 January 2020; Accepted 14 February 2020	0
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023	0
The average number of Mendeley readers per article difference between male-first-authored and female-first-authored Spanish articles from 2014 by narrow field (qualification: at least 50 male and 50 female articles in a field; n = 158 narrow fields).	0
In any case, the three-year period studied here is rather short, as predatory publishing is a relatively recent and fairly dynamic phenomenon.	0
The author also thanks the AusJPS referees for their helpful suggestions.	0
This content downloaded from 62.122.73.34 on Wed, 25 Jun 2014 00:29:36 AM	0
We have established four homogeneous classes, three of which have one different researcher responsibility that stands out from the rest while the fourth class displays a more balanced pattern.	1
Anais da Academia Brasileira de Ciências | Annals of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59 (14):2305-2311, 2008	0
Since primordial times, human mobility has helped create and develop civilizations, by opening societies to cultural, economic, and social changes through exchanging and integrating ideas (Castles and Miller 2009).	0
Downloaded by University of Sunderland At 23:42 19 October 2018 (PT)	0
Most importantly, the approach proposed would have a dramatic impact on the meaningfulness of authorship.	1
Note: Keywords could appear in the title or abstract or as keywords of the article.	0
We do not underestimate the difficulty of managing the huge and complex organizations that universities have become nor deny the need for some defensible, nonarbitrary criteria and mechanisms for making appointments, distributing research funds, and the like.	0
From a theoretical perspective, this study takes its point of departure from historical institutionalism and attempts to situate the variables in the appropriate context based on the notion that behavior and strategic choices take place inside particular social, political, economic and cultural contexts (Steinmo 2008).	1
Routine performance statistics are calculated by the journal for each reviewer.	0
aThis count includes only articles from faculty at graduate institutions included in the NRC Study.	0
It re-affirms the network approach as central to the study of team science, and introduces the use of exponential random graph models as a next step after descriptive network studies in this domain.	1
The Impact of Electronic Journals on Use of Print in Geology 33	0
Acknowledgments This manuscript has been authored by UT-Battelle, LLC under Contract No.	0
The problem addressed in this paper is the analysis of researchers' dropout phnomenon and the critical factors which underlie activity in academia, which is straightforwardly illustrated in Fig.	0
This study intends to join the discussion with a different approach by differentiating domestic citations from foreign citations and using a global database across all disciplines.	1
The effects were computed for Swedes recruiting to a senior position.	0
The authors wish to thank The University Library of Ghent for the help in consulting all the Data Bases; and to Professor Jesús A.	0
The raw data thus retrieved (i.e., number of papers published and number of citations received by each paper) were used to compute the two-sided h index for each researcher.	0
In pursuing the ‘talks about impact' called from by Smith and Stewart (2016), we have gone beyond asking ‘what issues are arising for academics because of the impact agenda?' towards deconstructing impact itself as a phenomenon emerging from much broader and longer-term change to HE and taking multiple, complex internal and external forms.	1
I should make it clear, however, that this broad picture tells us something about the papers themselves as well as something about the practice of citation.	0
The present study builds on this research by using a unique sample to identity and describe high-impact scholars, namely, fellows affiliated with SSWR and AASWSW.	1
In order to fill in those gaps, the purpose of this investigation is to explore the Web of Science 18 analytical tool to provide useful scientific publication indicators on carbon-based nanomaterials and to help non-specialists in bibliometric analyses gain initial insights into their scientific area or subject of interest.	1
3 are not true percentages (the sum is greater than 100%) since a given study can be assigned to several subject areas.	0
The numbers in the "Communities" row indicate how many communities are found in a given layer.	0
With this novel approach, we are able to extract all expressions in the REF impact case studies that refer to social groups of users and to examine them at the desired level of granularity.	1
Taken together, these findings reveal that the citation structure of JASSS was unbalanced in terms of inward and outward citations: more citations were collected from non-social science sources, while more citations were made of social science-related sources.	1
Through a comprehensive knowledge management framework and the incorporation of multiple quality points specific to each journal, SPI-Hub provides prospective users with both recommendations for publication and holistic assessment of the trustworthiness of journals in which to publish research and acquire trusted knowledge.	1
A number of important developments within the scholarly publishing industry have contributed to the changes that Hindawi has undergone during the past ten years.	0
The results of the regression analysis indicate that citation-based metrics and readership counts are significantly more related to quality, than tweets.	1
All quotes by researchers have been translated from German and proofread by an English native speaker.	0
Table 2 Overall median of the standard bibliometric indicators and h index	0
STATA 12.1 statistical software package was used (StataCorp, College Station, Tex).	0
Given the large historical scope of this study and the multitude of data extracted for individual bibliometric items, three novel indices (evidence, quantitative and collaboration) were selected for use as they permitted the amalgamation of individual bibliometric items (each confirmed to have reliability in data extraction) to describe historical trends in research.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
This article aims to contribute to addressing this knowledge gap, by focusing on a national case.	1
The third approach, also in this case a novel metric that we use to measure the specializations of journals, is a dispersion index derived from the kurtosis formula that can capture the presence of long and fat tails in keyword distributions.	1
The next section will outline the details behind the construction of concrete hyperopic visions in order to make clear how the approach differs from the reviewed approaches in the way it guides empirical choices and interpretation in relation to the practice of visualizing.	0
Ultimately, the study aims to help understand the effectiveness of the current journal review system as a means to recognise and certificate new knowledge claims.	1
The full models with all included variables can be found in the Appendix.	0
Keywords: Research funding instruments; university change; organizational autonomy; authority sharing; university governance; centres of excellence.	0
But this specific charge has been made in the absence of data about the actual reviewing loads of political scientists.	1
Address: School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, 685 Cherry Street, Atlanta, GA 30332-0345, USA	0
We have realized that the use of this strategy allows students to better approach a new field of knowledge.	1
All told, for the three fields of medicine, there were 2,961 citations to funded articles, compared with 2,368 citations to unfunded articles.	0
Second, our approach will allow us to evaluate whether international development funders and pharmaceutical companies are supporting research that is associated with the research needs of African regions.	1
The audio recordings of the interviews were transcribed into text and saved in Microsoft Word.	0
The meaning of the second dimension (Y axis), however, is not as readily apparent.	0
We develop an original micro-macro model based on the aggregation of individual knowledge production functions.	1
We would like to mention, in particular, the discussions around the moral imperative to ensure impact [6]; the potential for enhanced partnerships, co-production or boundary work between practice and academia [7,8,9]; ensuring equitable, socially accountable impacts of knowledge [6,7,8,9]; balancing the cost and gains from impact assessment [10,8,11]; whether it is creating pressures to change the character of knowledge [6,7,12,2]; and, possible threats/gains to academic freedom and intellectual autonomy [7,13,11,9,14].	0
What this study adds: There is an urgent need for scientists in the region to collaborate and focus on practical and culturally acceptable studies on diabetes in coming decades.	1
Therefore our results may be a first step to evaluate the h-index for academic psychiatrists.	1
To eliminate the influence of the size of the original dataset on field diffusion intensity, we extended the indicator of DINT to be divided by the number of articles in the original dataset, naming extended field diffusion intensity (EDINT), expecting to improve the measurement effectiveness.	1
All analyses were done using Sigma Plot version 11 (2008; Systat Software Inc., San Jose, CA).	0
2 make it impossible to unambiguously identify specific performance groups of economics journals in terms of citation impact.	0
The research collaboration networks we studied are distinctive in their data source and model.	1
Authors with their number of papers and number of citations received.	0
To my knowledge Davis (2011a), Evans and Reimer (2009), Faber Frandsen (2009), and Gaulé (2009) have examined the impact of open access on citations from poor countries and no one has examined the impact on citations from commercial enterprises.	1
Therefore, this study is the first to report a link between research funding and clinical research papers using multiple indices such as CNCI and the SIGAPS category.	1
This stems from the fact that the size of the TI value reflects the interdisciplinary level of topic terms.	0
Moreover, the findings of the current study provide an insight on the frequency of citations for top cited articles published in Medical Informatics as well as quality of the works, journals, and the trends steering Medical Informatics.	1
In addition, our work suggests that the development of the paradigmatic knowledge on HIV/AIDS in terms of the emergence and evolution of the research fronts followed two different routes.	1
To our knowledge, there are no studies that systematically examine LLMs' performance on originality evaluation.	1
If these counts can be importantly impacted by factors as minor as random placement on a working paper list, it raises important questions about their limitations and their discriminatory power between higher and lower quality work.	1
This study represents a step forward in the buildup of an inclusive framework for knowledge creation and innovation.	1
The adoption of the OAMJ model has completely changed the bibliometric profile of the journal, raising questions about the impact of OAMJ peer-review practices.	1
Figure 1: Social scientists' concerns regarding social media usage for work purposes (non-service- specific)	0
2 Citation ranking and citation counts are used interchangeably, depending on the context.	0
As a first step towards this goal, this study aims to identify characteristics of medical students who have successfully completed research projects; their environment, barriers to research and motivational factors; with the hope to use this information to direct further research and interventions that will strengthen research capacities among physicians in the country and contribute to medical practice.	1
Overall, in contrast to the investigations of tweet content, there is less research of how Twitter audiences engage with scholarly Twitter mentions.	0
This article therefore focuses on one of the aspects that have-up to now-not attracted much attention, namely, the question as to how costs for APC are being attributed to institutions involved in a publication.	1
Our study suggests that if researchers from Ibero-American institutions want to influence global bioethical thinking, they must make the required leap in quality to be able to publish in high-quality bioethics and mainstream journals.	1
Dissemination networks of referencing errors give answers to the following questions and reveal scientists' referencing misbehavior.	1
The main results of the bibliometric analysis of the production and the graphic map applied to the records linked with LEF research are presented below.	0
In this article, we apply Max Weber's ideal types of fief and benefice feudalism to elite and non-elite chemistry departments in the USA.	1
Last-author means that the chairmen's names appeared last in the published lists of the articles' authors.	0
Our study shows that evaluative homogeneity can only be understand in conflictual terms, as the tendency for the standardization and uniformization of criteria used for research evaluation clash with disciplinary reality and particular interests rooted in the local context of a given PRFS.	1
Number of citations of Societies Without Borders articles published between 2006 and mid-2017.	0
I propose that scientometric-based rules inform such transformation.	1
How content of the page relates to the concepts searched for	0
Figure 6: Distribution of all (411,712) records in terms of publication years in the BKCI (S and SSH combined).	0
One contribution is the consideration of the journal level, with which we address limitations of previous studies.	1
As this research shows, Conference SIs, MonoSIs, and RIs represent distinct issue types, both in terms of topicality and impact.	1
The study findings are based on frequency of publication in the leading journals in the SSE field.	0
The great majority are HE institutions (66.2%), followed by HL (18.1%) and GO (12.2%) in the 3290 list.	0
This supplementary material associated with this article can be found in the online version at doi:10.1016/ j.jsurg.2022.12.005.	0
We attempt to use the CSSCI system to do this kind of study, i.e., to suggest the developing trends of each discipline in the future years.	1
For ASEBDs, where comparative numbers were entirely missing, our study is the first to introduce these sizes numbers.	1
Murphy (1995) Benchmarking Academic Research Output in Australia, Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education, 20:1, 45-57, DOI: 10.1080/0260293950200106	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
b) Physical chemistry was mainly concerned with electro-chemistry and thermo-dynamics, and optical spectroscopy had not proved of great value;	0
This paper contributes to this literature not only by examining the links between collaboration ties and scientific performance, but also by examining how institutional networks intersect with actual structures of collaboration formed by researchers.	1
Specifically, this work has a threefold contribution to the existing literature.	1
The analysis of this paper answers a couple of important questions that are unexplored in the literature.	1
However, a thorough study on journal editors' perceptions is required to further adress this topic.	0
In this study we investigate how and to what degree higher education institutions (HEIs) in Angola interact with the concept of OA to journal publications through their policies and practices, a country where the end of the civil war in 2002 marked a new start for growth in teaching and research.	1
Limitations and future research prospects are discussed in the next section.	0
(Recently Burrell (2013) has presented some empirical examples that cast doubt on the Lotka assumption in this context.)	1
By fostering such introspection, this analysis provides a tool to inform administrative decision-making.	1
This paper aims to provide an in-depth analysis of one of the ERC's thematic panels within the social sciences, namely the SH2 "Political Science" panel.	1
In order to overcome the error caused by time, it is necessary to conduct a research on the distinction between the total citation and the citations in recent years, so as to discover the patents that were important in the past, but not important now; new and important patents; patents that have always been important, so that they can be discovered Nano-luminescence technology changes.	1
Our design also considers other options to overcome paywalled articles and compares them to Black OA.	1
This analysis not only highlights the current research status but also guides future studies by identifying emerging trends and potential research gaps [14].	1
We would like to note that all above-mentioned “mechanical”, “arithmetical” methods of attributing equally cited papers seem to be a bit artificial.	1
Funding: No funding was received for the writing of this paper.	0
Based on the simulation study, it can be seen that the use of summary data and RoA's to approximate averages of individual ratios, is quite reliable even in small samples, for the number of publications and citations generated according to the laws governing the distribution of publications and citations.	1
In private, the interviewees had many similar frustrations and were quite frank.	0
These processes are not mutually exclusive, but overlapping, and can describe the behavior of a single individual in the same session.	0
Nevertheless, contrary to all expectations, they did not outperform women regarding their mean scientific production or impact.	1
Our innovations to address these challenges are in threefold.	1
At that point, queries of the websites of individual journals with large numbers of retractions (Table 1, part C) verified that we had identified all retracted articles in them from the data sources consulted.	0
For them to be able to take on these future tasks as independent, self-sustaining adults, the youth needs not only education but also protection and support in various aspects of their development.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study to compile these data, which may be of interest to faculty preparing for promotion, and also to institutional leadership.	1
Using unique, new, matched UMETRICS data on people employed on research projects and Author-ity data on biomedical publications, this paper shows that National Institutes of Health funding stimulates research by supporting the teams that conduct it.	1
As has been previously discussed (Haustein et al., 2014; Wouters & Costas, 2012), data quality problems are an important issue in this field, and for this reason caution and modesty are needed when discussing the results.	0
We have proposed a general method for improving the h-index that is based on the form of the citation distribution.	1
A direct consequence of this novel way to look at PACS is to consider scientific articles as sentences, i.e.	1
In particular, it draws attention to an aspect of peer review not previously discussed – how peer review normativities are shaped by disciplinary origins.	1
A tutorial of these steps using an example from a medical care setting can be found in Bewick et al.	0
We build upon this pioneering literature by introducing a new methodology aimed at detecting and classifying all cases in which the authors of research documents mention a group of potential users of their research.	1
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-021-04175-8.	0
The Wald test statistics W are the ratio of each coefficient to its standard error.	0
This study provides the first bibliometric analysis of scientific production in asbestos research.	1
Keywords Bibliometric analysis · Support vector machines · Co-citation · Co-occurrence · China	0
There are limitations of the study being reported due to the methodology and structure of the research:	0
Acknowledgments This research was funded by the Spanish Ministry of Education's Study and Analysis Programme under the project “Desarrollo de un observatorio de la actividad investigadora de las univer- sidades en el período 2002–2009, a partir de variables e indicadores de I + D + i” (Development of an observatory on university research, 2002–2009, using R&D + I indicators).	0
* As determined by the Journals Investigation Commission of Iran's Ministry of Science, Research and Technology	0
First, by tracking the changes in research impact, we try to give a better understanding of the reintegration process of returnee scholars.	1
Here W(p, P) is a nonnegative function defining the weight (relevance) of the link from P to p.	0
Whatever the personal paths of thought or inspiration might be, the public expressions of review authors appear to be dominated by explaining and describing the phenomena.	0
(1) We introduce the concept of citation discontinuance (CD) and develop a criterion for identifying CD, as well as indicators for characterizing its distribution characteristics.	1
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
1 The growth in the hg- index as a function of h and g	0
Keywords are more prevalent later in the data set: the average publication year for articles with keywords was 2016, compared to 2012 for articles without keywords.	0
I am also grateful to Tim Worrall for information regarding the construction of the Keele list.	0
The analysis in this section was limited to 5 and 15 years old papers, which is a typical time horizon to that considered in previous studies.	0
However, still, there is no systematic assessment of the magnitude and main subjects on which this research has been focused.	1
The most extensive presentation of their method can be find in Zucker et al.	0
A measure of author publishing choices was used to define four ecological characteristics: coverage, coreness, exclusivity, and journal overlap.	1
Another contribution of this research is to show that the criteria used to evaluate the research performance of academic units may have different levels of importance.	1
The policy as stated on the back cover of the Journal was as follows:	0
This study therefore aimed to quantitatively compare the Instructions for Authors of ICMJE member journals with those of the JAMS subcommittee journals (both English- and Japanese-language), to clarify the content on research integrity.	1
The authors acknowledge the able assistance of Linda Lee and Michelle Ngiam in data collection and classification.	0
To introduce our results, we have divided the authors into two subsets: the historical figures of Scientometrics (Table 2) and currently active figures (Table 3).	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s12247-015-9214-9) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The notion of network convexity has been defined only recently by Marc and ?ubelj (2018).	1
In the absence of a clear, viable business model under OA, we believe an incremental approach is the best option in the short term for the Canadian Journal of Political Science.	1
It is plausible to assume that most authors aim to publish as good as they can and co-authorships are formed to support this aim.	0
We would like to thank all experts and coordinators who kindly exchanged their views at the occasion of the evaluation projects.	0
Hence, in addition to all the formal peer review, there is substantial informal review.	0
In light of science citation indices, a policy citation index is constructed in this research.	1
This approach is an alternative approach to the Latent Dirichlet Allocation topic model produced by the NSF for an experimental Portfolio Explorer (Nichols 2014).	1
the first objective of this article is to provide a method for characterizing the self-organized nature of technological development in the Canadian nanomedicine community of practice.	1
A bibliometric approach allows one to understand and characterise research in the region, to provide an understanding of the research capacity to manage this burden (workforce and time required to produce research outputs) relative to wealth and individual disease burden.	1
The Web site includes a comprehensive list of resources for editors.	0
This might provide an incomplete or biased picture of the scientific state of EHFE in the world.	1
In addition to separating IR from other types of OA services our research demonstrates the analytic potential of a novel dataset of IR use and performance from the Repository Analytics and Metrics Portal (RAMP) (Arlitsch & Wheeler, 2020; OBrien et al., 2017).	1
Average book prices and sampled academic book prices in China during 2001–2011.	0
Repeating the regression analysis while stratifying the articles by journal yielded similar results (data not shown).	0
This is a step further because we do not just look at the labels but we also evaluate the proportion of common terms within clusters.	0
As I see it, such studies are essential to understand the workings of modern HEP laboratories.	1
Considering the limitations of the previous studies on LIS research topics, the paper employed a different selection and filtration of LIS journals that are more adhesive to library science and librarianship and utilized a keyword clustering analysis method on the data retrieved from the scholarly reliable Web of Science Core Collection.	1
This covers the 57 most recently published papers (excluding, as noted, those in the two Symposia and all "Comments" and "Replies.")	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first paper describing the two-year cumulative analysis of COVID-19 literature from the IJO and giving valuable insights into the impact of these publications on the ophthalmic literature.	1
Despite all these studies on OA publication trends, there is still lack of data on the changes that have emerged in OA publishing in recent years, particularly when stratified by publisher size.	1
The resulting publications had a higher quality according to IF of the journals, when the first author was female compared to males.	1
That method, called balanced worth, offers a cardinal, complete and transitive evaluation that is based on the likelihood of getting better results.	1
We call again the attention for the importance of the proceedings papers for the Engineering and Technology domain as discussed above.	0
This new paradigm of conservation research (Luks and Siebenhüner 2007; Sandbrook et al.	1
To compare different risk-return patterns directly, we introduce a new risk parameter PR.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Data are for 1999 and are adapted from Table 1, page 953 of that paper.	0
Two weeks later, a follow-up email was sent out to improve the response rate.	0
One of the unique attributes of this study is our comparison of an objective definition of interdisciplinarity with the CA's views of their own research article.	1
At a minimum, use citation medians instead of citation averages or IFs, as has been proposed by Aksnes & Sivertsen (2004), Rossner et al.	1
Our study has identified a set of novel features and justified their potential by evaluating them on a benchmark data set.	1
Readers interested in other aspects of journal impact indices can refer to Waltman (2016).	0
We believe the methodology for the main analysis represents a substantial step in understanding homophily by controlling for confounding using a hierarchical clustering to estimate latent structure.	1
(2013) to European data, we have provided several indications of unfavorable treatment in credit allocation for junior scholars and female scientists.	1
Originality/value – The study has identified a wide range of experiences with and attitudes towards posting preprints among researchers in the Global South and the Global North.	1
Distribution of scientists according to number of fields of their professional activity	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Borja González-Albo on 20 December 2013.	0
We can further extend our list by including some other prestigious finance and business journals, such as Management Science.	0
Information clustering based on content-(dis)similarity of the underlying textual material and graph-theoretical considerations to deal with the network of relationships between content-similar topics are described and combined in a new approach.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric study in the scientific area of cervical plexus blocks (CPBs).	1
The author received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
By considering the differences between humanities and other sciences and even the differences between the fields in the humanities, this research delineates the boundaries, scientific outputs and evaluation indicators of humanities—in accordance with and applicable to each field of humanities.	1
Received July 10, 2010; revised August 25, 2010; accepted August 26, 2010	0
We will talk about this in more detail in the next section.	0
The methodology section concludes with a discussion of our data extraction methods in a sub-section that includes our decisions regarding the definition of the population and variables relevant to that definition.	0
Faculty of Business Administration, Memorial University of Newfoundland, Morrissey Rd, St.	0
Put on display the necessary interactions among and between clinical investigators and their biostatistical colleagues working on trial methodology to provide a novel model of collaborations for beginning clinical investigators.	1
The HERD ranking measures research and development expenditures at higher education institutions in the United States.	0
In order to better understand these dynamics, we develop a novel game-theory-based model for co-authorship disputes.	1
2 The spirit of capitalism is for Boltanski and Chiapello a prevailing ideology that justifies capitalist accumulation processes but simultaneously constrains them.	0
This paper attempts to contribute to current understanding of the issue at hand by addressing this basic question: To what extent does North-South and South-South collaboration explain differences in the performance of research teams in emerging economies in terms of productivity and local orientation of research?	1
Some new insights on the scientific disruption are also derived in the 4.5 Interpretability section.	1
The new approach outperforms traditional ones and can sometimes surpass the machine learning based embedding method, providing a good tool for tasks such as community detection, link prediction, and recommendation.	1
In this paper we presented our GSS system which can detect sentences from known PCFG generators, with an 80% positive detection rate and less than a 1% false detection rate.	1
School of Business, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB, Canada T6G 2J4, Tel.	0
These findings combined with those of other researchers, for instance the link between high impact publications and hot topics (Moustafa 2014), lead to the conclusion that evaluation criteria act as switchmen, determining the tracks along which scholarly work is pushed by the dynamic of interests of both scholars and their institutions.	1
In line with this vision, this contribution intends to promote the synergy between researchers' awareness of OA benefits and institutional policies mandating self-archiving practices.	1
To our best knowledge, this study is the first investigation on the underlying process of policy document mentions by looking at the details of how scholarly papers are mentioned.	1
The remainder of this article is organized as follows: the next section will explain the fundamental assumptions used to justify the use of research front time lines.	0
Our aim in this paper is to develop new knowledge about the processes through which early-career scientists construct evaluations of research funding applications as status-bestowing events.	1
In summary, we report a universal and previously undocumented pattern that systematically differentiates the contributions of small and large teams in the creation of scientific papers, technology patents and software products.	1
Our approach is novel in the sense that we do not perform correlation analyses between variables, such as using bibliometric indicators; instead we make comparisons between different times to identify constant factors that characterise the research environments.	1
If this were true, then the coexistence of diverse theories should be a transitory, not permanent, aspect of science.	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
It is not, therefore, so much an indication of research output as of scholarship.	0
All of the instructions, interfaces, and the paper contents are available at https://github.com/theryanl/ ReviewerAnchoring.	0
But it is an interesting approach and a reasonable basis for a celebration of 25 years of semiconductor physics which have been shaped in Chemnitz by Dietrich R.T.	0
Our results also gain significance for investigating attitudes and acts of plagiarism within the same study.	1
Citation analysis can be used to select target journals because it accurately reflects the needs of researchers and can reveal current scientific trends.	1
For an example of how to measure overlap using sampling techniques, see Provost and Nieuwenhuysen (1992).	0
However, the human mind is notoriously bad at synthesizing large amounts of data.	0
PER = PERIODICA (Latin American Literature on Sciences); SCI = Science Citation Index.	0
Figure 2 shows the overall number of citations as a function of the years, in which the citing papers of Keeling's publications were published.	0
We contend, then, that our endeavour has resulted in identifying important lists of articles to foster understanding, knowledge and inspiration, as well as lower the probability of re-inventing ecological wheels13.	1
This study originally engages with usage metrics and detected that there is positive correlation between usage and funding.	1
Next, the literature on research excellence and productivity is reviewed and the research method is presented.	0
Briefly, segmenting the citation history of an AWSB into period with different variation tendencies yields a more comprehensive characterization of its yearly citations.	1
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Noncommercial License which permits any noncommercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author(s) and source are credited.	0
We introduce a new tool – the CitedReferencesExplorer (CRExplorer, www.crexplorer.net) - which can be used to disambiguate and analyze the cited references (CRs) of a publication set downloaded from the Web of Science (WoS).	1
Yet, the advent of online academic platforms and new social media metrics (altmetrics) is rarely discussed in relation to rapidly emerging platforms developed for the quantification of the self, or understood as parts of a larger self-tracking culture (Lupton, 2014).	1
P value represents difference in mean number of authors in 2006 vs 2016.	0
The most famous example is the “star” network, where there is only one node connected to all other nodes in the network, thereby giving a centrality value of 100%.	0
Consequently, the number of publications and/or the share of total publications in Q1 journals could be used as a quality indicator allowing fair comparisons among researchers from different areas.	1
An inflation rate indicator is used in this paper to investigate the impact of multilateral collaboration papers to the centralities.	1
By definition, wij ∈ [0,1], is equal to zero when i and j do not share any reference and is equal to 1 when their sets of references are identical.	0
This study uses data obtained within the NetReAct project ("The role of Networking in Research Activities") commis-sioned by the Institute for Prospective Technological Studies of the European Commission's Joint Research Centre.	0
Given the results, we conclude by theorizing the rise of an executive science network that plays an instrumental role in relations among universities and industry.	1
The results of this comprehensive survey of articles retracted due to misconduct suggest four trends that all stakeholders in scholarly research should bear in mind:	1
The results are presented by each time period: 1980–1984, 1990–1994, and 2000–2004.	0
It helps judge a scientist's performance according to his/her individual contributions.	1
This article develops, first, an assessment of the degree of interdisciplinarity of technological knowledge areas involved in the development of an emerging technology.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The present work contributes to the understanding of scientists' research behaviors by introducing a quantitative measurement of RPC and investigating the dynamic patterns of RPC across scientists' careers.	1
In contrast to the linkages between science and technology, the linkages between science, technology and industry are largely under-studied.	1
These results reveal the evolving landscape of global academic research, highlighting regional strengths and emerging world trends in subject-specific excellence.	1
Given the scarcity of studies in this field, the objective of this study is to fill the research gap by examining the patterns in retracted publications in technology-related fields, assess their bibliographic characteristics, and investigate the reasons behind article retractions specifically in developing nations.	1
This methodology not only captured various galleries and other art centres (e.g., Tate Modern and the National Gallery) but also included name variations and URL mentions in the impact case studies (e.g., Victoria & Albert Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum, V&A Museum, or vam.ac.uk) for a more comprehensive societal impact assessment.	1
The explanation I suggest herein relates this restricted mobility to the trend of concentrated citation activity in the tail.	1
This bibliometric study is the first of its kind, to our knowledge, to identify and characterize frequently cited OBGYN articles across all journals in the ISI Web of Science SCIE.	1
In this study, we used a multistage stratified sampling method to take a look into the predatory publishers and journals on Beall's list and generated their development trend over time.	1
Inspired by this event, the main aim of this paper is to provide a thorough bibliometric analysis of the journal from the last ten years.	1
The publication rate in our study is also comparable to American results [5], while British students publish markedly less [4], and almost 100% publish in Norway [6] where publishing is mandatory.	1
With the results properly presented, the threats to validity of this study will be explained in the next section.	0
Yet to date little is known about how researchers adapt their research content to excellence funding schemes (Gl?ser and Laudel 2016).	1
We do believe, however, that a measurement of publication size sheds a new light on the need for balanced weighting schemes of publication types in PRFS.	1
Previous efforts to mine key nodes at the community level have mostly focused on the co-authorship network; few researchers have focused on the inventor-author knowledge flow network (Lu and Feng 2009; Zhang et al.	1
By analyzing these method entities using objective quantitative data, this study aims to enhance the interpretability of the evolution of research methods in LIS.	1
Through the bibliometric analysis of the scientific literature, we revealed aspects associated with Mexican bioinformatics, such as the main actors and collaborations of foreign countries.	1
The research was supported by the International Centre for Higher Education Research Kassel (INCHER-Kassel) and by the University of Zurich.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 56(10):1075–1087, 2005	0
This study set out to perform a complete and extensive bibliometric analysis of the main orthodontic journals included in JCR, including all issues and all articles published in 2007-2017 to provide information about publication tendencies during the last decade,	1
In my opinion, it is much better to use the median of citation of articles and review papers.	1
To cite this article: Christian Gilliam & Christine Daoutis (2019): Can Openly Accessible E- Theses Be Published as Monographs?	0
We employ parallel social system theory to interpret the mechanism of JIF dynamics	1
This research used a vigorous 'front page' screening methodology, excluding articles that would had little or no relevance to dengue research, to download dengue related research articles from the SCI-EXPANDED database.	1
Citation classics have been published in many fields of medicine; however, none have focused on interventional cardiology.	1
In doing so, we hope to encourage a national dialogue on the implications of the current shift to OA for the Canadian scholarly community.	1
*Corresponding author: Mohammad Hosseini, Department of Preventive Medicine, Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, 320 E.	0
* The present study was funded in part by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (Grants-In-Aid for Scientific Research, grant no.	0
By exploring the tension between Robertson's idealized picture about how the referee should behave and the desire to promote his intellectual agenda, I show that the evaluation criteria that Robertson employed were contextually dependent and I argue that, in the 1930s, through his reports the referee had an enormous power in defining what direction future research should take.	1
Our results have enabled us to provide detailed and significant insights into the publishing behaviour of law academics over the last 30 years and, in particular, the sorts of outputs valued by their institutions as being something which should be submitted to an assessment exercise.	1
However, the applied search methodology and evaluation of results can serve as a benchmark independent of the field of application.	0
Received 29 February 2024; Received in revised form 24 August 2024; Accepted 28 August 2024	0
Our study improves on their design with a more appropriate control group, that of unsuccessful applicants to the ATP, which helps shed light not simply on the effect of ATP attendance on the intensive margin—articles, citations, grants, patents—but also on the extensive margin: how did selection shape applicants choice of career, in particular participation in research activities as opposed to purely clinical endeavors?	1
Lei Li is a lecturer at the Department of Information Management at the School of Government, Beijing Normal University, Beijing, China.	0
I suggest that narrative CVs might be up to this task.	1
1 The data were taken from the Science Citation Index/ Social Science Citation Index (SCI/ SSCI) and the Engineering Compendex (EC).	0
In total, our analysis emphasizes the critical contributions non-NIH funding sources play in promoting and fostering neurosurgical research, especially those of nonprofit foundations and federal agencies other than the NIH.	1
There was no limitation for the year of publication of retractions.	0
Downloaded by University of California San Diego At 18:24 27 June 2016 (PT)	0
The same is true of links from Hong Kong to People's Daily (0.4%).	0
Here, the approach is differentiated from other studies by: (a) focusing on publications rather than researchers or institutes; (b) considering the geographical diversity of authors of each publication; (c) considering the average number of citations a publication receives per year (time-based normalization of citations) as a surrogate for its impact; and (d) not focusing on a specific country (developed or developing) or region.	1
Funding information National Social Science Foundation of China, Grant/Award Number: 18CTQ027	0
We propose a new bibliometric indicator, the TS score, that is relatively simple to calculate, can be implemented at scale, is easy to replicate, and has good reliability and validity properties.	1
2 Network obtained from the sentence "Advances in the analysis of complex networks provide useful new approaches to understanding many properties of brain networks"	0
Competing Interests: The author has declared that no competing interests exist.	0
In the performance of such technics as Van Slyke analyses of blood gases, considerable skill is required for precise work, but this technical skill cannot be considered creative thinking.	0
This methodology, based on the combination of sources such as Altmetric and Scopus, opens the door to other analyses drawing on sources such as Twitter, the News (news feeds) or report (policy feeds) that reflect the social vision of science from different perspectives (social, political, the mass media, among others).	1
The most relevant and recent study that look gender and research publishing in India is Thelwall et al.	1
This method allows preferential attachment to be separated from the underlying growth of the number of objects to which attachments are made.	1
Distribution of the highest cited papers according to the published journal.	0
Figure 3 shows the growth in online and open access in the sample.	0
This study enriches existing literature by assessing the impact of public funding.	1
To find the causal effect of academic writing, we need to compare well-written papers with poorly written papers that are otherwise identical.	1
This revealed four main purposes, listed here with some examples from the corpus:	0
While earlier investigations have proven inconclusive, this study shows strong correlations in the all-disciplines set and most subject subsets between full-text downloads and local citations.	1
This study addresses this gap by exploring the EB infrastructure of elite communication journals.	1
Our findings extend the literature by showing the temporal growth in the number of poorly cited articles.	1
Another novel finding is that for all disciplines under study, the Matthew effect is greater for funded articles compared to unfunded documents.	1
Calculations are based on networks after the removal of isolated nodes	0
The authors acknowledge the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC Grant No 71173185) for financial support.	0
However, and contrary to the PageRank method, the direct influence aggregation model does not need any calibration and, as such, it is less sensitive to subjective influences.	1
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The main characteristic of this methodology is it's 7th phase, which presents the equation InOrdinatio (Pagani et al.	1
5 An example of incorrectly deposited Crossref metadata: two authors and their affiliation data are described as four separate authors	0
Received 19 February 2022; Received in revised form 13 April 2022; Accepted 13 April 2022	0
When assessing productivity and impact using the h-index, the positive impact of professional age is greater for female academic researchers later in their careers than their male counterparts in the field of epidemiology.	1
Finally, in "Feature relevance"section, we perform an analysis of features relevance.	0
However, the study did reveal some notable discrepancies which could reflect either bias in the peer-review process or shortcomings in the bibliometric measures, or both.	1
The equivalent time concept is an enabling key to fairly and conveniently compare human resource allocation for computation of research efficiency, which has not been utilized before but is implicitly reflected in readily-available bibliometric data.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=recs20	0
Although these bibliometric studies identified the main concepts of great distinction within the field and provided clinical guidelines for orthopedists and researchers in a discipline, 2 perspectives were frequently neglected: (1) visual representation of all relevant characteristics of the articles 13-15 and (2) a model for predicting the number of article citations.	1
Please note, for experimental purposes, journals which were listed with a cited half-life of >10 in the JCR were taken as having a cited half-life value of 10.10.	0
We find that at least one-third of Web of Science publications are actually published in the first quartile (high impact factor journals).	1
The interim period between undergraduate and PhD degrees is not complete in many CVs, possibly because the researchers did not find it worthwhile to record non-academic jobs that they worked during this period.	0
In the remainder of the paper, we first discuss related work in Section 2 and then explain the extracted features and discuss expectations and limitations in Section 3.	0
Table 1 Quality of the 39 interviews on a four-digit scale assigned by the interviewer at the end of each meeting	0
The study on bibliometrics in the science of sciences takes an original perspective by exploring the impact of universities beyond conventional evaluation methods, it thereby contributes to the bibliometrics literature and the innovation literature, principally by providing interesting insights into the processes of generating knowledge and diffusion of a new research domain in academia.	1
We introduce “breadth relevance,” which favors consistent achievers over one-hit wonders.	1
Thus, this paper provides a concrete decision on using Mendeley readership scores as an alternative to the citation count.	1
The analysis was carried out in the period 2–8 May 2012.	0
Second, we hope that this article can open a new perspective for a macro and quantitative review of the global Big Data research and its academic impact from the cognitive level.	1
Therefore, this study evaluates academic journals from a new perspective (i.e., the difference in research content) and presents a new index (i.e., the journal discriminative capacity (JDC)) and a method for measuring the difference in research content among academic journals.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:380143 []	0
1 Number of times DMU appears as a reference in the set (ARWU, THE, QS)	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 52 times since 2006*	0
Hence, it is unlikely that our findings were the result of a change among reviewers.	0
Our findings highlight the misalignment between disease burden and research efforts.	1
A central theme of the results is that the number of references cited in research papers has been increasing, both per article and per page, over time frames of 17, 23, and 40 years, among the 30 selected disciplinary categories or the 80 journals of the selected categories in the natural and social sciences.	1
The above lemma is not true if g is not decreasing.	0
Figure 1 presents the researcher mobility model that was adopted for this study.	0
This work provides an approximation to the scientific trends on global warming research from articles published during a decade.	1
Our work differentiates from the existing network analysis based approach both in the objective and in the approach.	1
Received March 4, 2009; revised May 8, 2009; accepted July 3, 2009	0
Finally, this data set reveals regional differences that correspond with access to different social media platforms.	1
We would like especially to thank Nicolas Payette (University of Oxford) for help on model debugging.	0
To address this gap, we suggest an area of investigation we term discourse epistemetrics, which adds a new object of study to Borgman's (1989) framework—the object of discourse in the service of large-scale quantitative inquiries into the socio-epistemic basis of disciplines (both singly and in contrast to other disciplines).	1
Reference to this paper should be made as follows: Lin, P., Zhang, T., Xia, M., Zhou, J.	0
To get a better understanding of the growth rate, we return to the praxis of reporting interval ratios.	1
We conclude that the experience in Norway with differentiated publication counts linked to funding has been different from the experience in Australia with an undifferentiated model.	1
To cite this article: Pedro Cosme Costa Vieira (2004) Statistical variability of top ranking economics journals impact, Applied Economics Letters, 11:15, 945-948, DOI: 10.1080/1350485042000282231	0
Peer Review History: PLOS recognizes the benefits of transparency in the peer review process; therefore, we enable the publication of all of the content of peer review and author responses alongside final, published articles.	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The suggested methodology to measure impact goes against the publish or perish dogma of modern science, putting forward an alternative ideology to quantify scientific achievement.	1
Originality/value – Web mentions have previously been used in some specific academic systems (US, UK and China), but this study analyses, in depth and for the first time, an entire non-English speaking European country (Spain), with complex academic web behaviour, which helps to better explain previous web mention results.	1
Note: Altmetric IDs 10068074 and 2939857 are publications without DOI registered.	0
Hence, this study find that the verification process can efficiently identify predatory journals and only very few mistakes are made.	1
The proposed method comprehensively takes into account the influence of time information and citation number of article nodes in citation network	1
2 Editor-in-Chief, CIN: Computers, Informatics, Nursing and Nurse Author & Editor, President and Owner, Maine Desk LLC, Portland, ME, USA	0
1 We are aware that Sharplin and Mabry (1985) used the term "article impact' in reference to mean citations received per article published annually, but they were using neither ISI data nor the ISI formula for calculating impact factor.	0
Note: Weighted articles – a single-author will be credited with a score of 1 for the school of affiliation.	0
To the best of our knowledge, no analysis of stroke research in the LAC region has been performed to determine the current situation.	1
The 45 universities analyzed are those listed in Tables 1 and 2 (12 from US-Canada, 5 from Europe, 3 from Latin America and 25 from Brazil).	0
The book sold more than 1 million copies making it one of the most widely distributed philosophical books in the world.	0
No country showed a statistically significant negative trend in the number of publications in the study timeframe.	0
'This conference always provides excellent presentations and a great networking opportunity.'	0
The results of these earlier qualitative and quantitative efforts of mapping the domain of intercultural relations were recently validated and updated in a separate study in a separate study (unpublished as of this writing) using the same dataset of this research by the same authors.	0
The authors propose a new accreditation scheme for conferences which may be useful for scientists, especially for young scholars, to identify high-level conferences.	1
The two main research trends identified in the literature include (a) relationship between EBMs’ authority and journal ranking indices and (b) direct EBMs’ impact on journal ranking.	0
In this study I used references provided by the citing journal as the primary data.	1
The denominator of the above formula counts the number of sets of two edges that are connected to the node i.	0
Abbreviations: ICMJE, International Committee of Medical Journal Editors; NH&MRC, National Health and Medical Research Council	0
We would like to thank “West Bengal | Department of Higher Education, Science & Technology” for partially funding the research work.	0
The full texts of all selected articles were down- loaded and interrogated.	0
Our study is beneficial to researchers to select the proper free citation sources, especially those without institutional access.	1
Since implementing the just-in-time researcher notification and service-level adjudication system, we have seen measureable improvements in our ability to determine the scientific return on investment for VICTR-supported projects.	1
For instance, it is not necessarily so that the cities listed in a publication reflect the locations where the research was carried out.	0
For ease of understanding, we present our results mainly in graphs.	0
The fourth standard was adopted mainly for pragmatic reasons, since we encountered substantial difficulty gathering detailed information for journals that were published solely in languages other than English.	0
Appendix (Table 8) shows the basic profile and descriptive statistics of the Nobel laureates collected in this study to provide a comprehensive understanding of the context of gender, age at the highest degree, the number of nominations, research methods, and the award field in our empirical study.	0
Document types and average citation per document in WoS of EJoF	0
Theoretically, this study first introduces a policy citation interaction as a quantification approach to reveal policy adoption decisions behind policymakers' citation choices.	1
Correspondence to: José Luis Ortega Priego, Cybermetrics Lab, Centro de Información y Documentación Científica (CSIC), Joaquín Costa, 22, 28002 Madrid, Spain.	0
2 - Growth of literature related to eye neoplasms (annual number and total number).	0
This empirical research will make Fosso Wamba and his colleagues’ paper more comprehensive and understandable.	1
Regarding academics' assets, different approaches to the employment of academic staff of private universities, private vocational schools and state universities were discovered through data mining methods.	1
The uniqueness of the presented ranking is based on the units individually undergoing the evaluation (not the entire institutions), what enabled to precisely assess the level of researches, potential of scientific groups, impact on achievements dissemination and effectiveness.	1
For example, if inlinks to university X and Y are 100 and	0
The authors also acknowledge the comments by the two anonymous referees and the editors of the journal.	0
This study, however, will employ directed content analysis, which is a deductive method based on prior research to support or extend an existing theory [14].	1
In this new context, universities are facing a period of extraordinary change and transition, characterized by an increasing number of	0
Our study is unique in a way; as it performs a multi-aspect analysis of science and social sciences in hierarchical manner.	1
Whereas we are facing the reverse problem: starting with an extremely dense and heterogeneous network, we need to divide the network at the same time without causing it to be overly fragmented.	1
Finally, we carefully compared input and output titles to eliminate false matches.	0
EDHIPHY offers philosophers and historians the unique ability to track mentions to historical and contemporary scholars in historical academic writing which does not have standardized citations.	1
FLA 5.5.0 DTD YJOMS57975_proof 27 September 2017 6:06 pm CE BD	0
Let us first inspect the overall picture for the 121 patent classifications at the three-digit level and the 135,536 patents.	0
All manuscripts received are being placed in a reading room for graduate students and faculty of an educational research program.	0
However, to our knowledge, the science mapping approach has not been used previously to analyze the research in Mediterranean forest ecosystems.	1
The University of Georgia; 2 Emory University; 3 Moorehouse School of Medicine	0
* The Acadia Institute's Project on Professional Values and Ethical Issues in the Graduate Education of Scientists and Engineers was cosponsored by the American Association for the Advancement of Science's Committee on Scientific Freedom and Responsibility, the Council of Graduate Schools, and Sigma Xi.	0
The most striking finding is a very sizeable positive effect of being ranked first across all outcomes.	1
This is based on the observation that a majority of papers are assigned with 10 keywords and the rest share roughly equal probability of having from 1 to 9 keywords (Appendix B).	0
I thank Uta Grothkopf for a careful reading of the manuscript.	0
The views expressed are those of the authors and do not reflect the official position of the Office of Research Integrity, Department of Health and Human Services, or RTI International.	0
Thus, the represented differences provide partial evidence that an interdisciplinary co-authorship network may evolve in different mode from a more disciplinarily-homogenous co-authorship network.	1
Flow Vergence gradient, an arc metric derived from FV model, is utilised for Path analysis which detects pivotal papers of paradigm shift more accurately.	1
The study provides the first examination of the relationship between perceived pressure and admitting misbehavior.	1
The present study utilized bibliometric analysis to identify shortcomings in the existing literature and potential avenues for future research (Bertoglio et al.	1
Furthermore, this study investigates how much merging and splitting each affect the identification of (a) actual individuals (b) top authors in terms of productivity and popularity, with the latter being measured as number of coauthors.	1
This month marks the two-year anniversary of the National Registry for Unemployed Scientists and Engineers.	0
However, we argue that blanket recommendations to include grey literature mask two different issues with potentially different solutions, and that a one-size-fits-all approach to information retrieval in conservation syntheses fails to adequately address either problem.	1
We displayed the relevant text as an embedded image to prevent students from copying-and-pasting the sentence.	0
Figure created in Microsoft Excel, *Seven studies were categorized as “other designs”.	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
Keywords Knowledge circulation · Strategic-oriented analysis · Global research · Urban space · Technologies	0
An s-index will help curb excessive use of self-citation, thus providing an important contribution to the fair and objective assessment of scientific impact and productivity.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
A surprising result is that the most established and high-volume absolute producers, Germany and France, have been outpaced by Belgium, with small state Luxembourg catching up in scientific productivity per capita (on a much lower level of absolute production).	1
In this paper we propose a reinterpretation of this experience, focusing on how we addressed these socio-political issues and how we managed to find solutions which were acceptable both to the involved stakeholders as well as to our professional community; further, we inquire how the emerging representation of European higher education systems was influenced by these choices, as well as by the socio-political environment of the project.	1
Note 1: Ordering is based on professionals responses for self in Europe.	0
This study contributes as the first study to gauge the characteristics of high ranked scientists in Malaysia from the motivational point of view.	1
It is the first attempt to identify the development trend of the PR domain through MPA, thus providing an insight into the knowledge evolution of the PR field over the past two decades.	1
To model network formation, we suggest an "undirected science collaboration model" in Section (5).	1
The primary goal of this paper is to explore and understand retractions in the technology field in developing economies countries.	1
Lenfant, Director, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20892.	0
Based on the findings of this study, it is obvious that the gap between clinical and basic science research has widened.	1
The current study results are consistent with the study by Borjas and Doran (2015) on the Fields Medal recipients, and it contrasts with the results of Chan et al.	1
By examining the prospects and problems associated with organizing and structuring research tasks, this study adds insight into university research capacity building and management in Vietnam.	1
Second, by investigating the performance impact of facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation, we theorize the joint effects of facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation and government assistance on research productivity.	1
The colored version of this figure can be webstarted at http://www.vosviewer.com/ vosviewer.php?map=http://www.leydesdorff.net/cognsci/ figure3.txt&view=3&zoom_level=1.)	0
We also detect an increase in collaborative research in time and highlight the importance of non-academic institutions in the conformation of these collaborative research teams.	1
The details of the set creation are illustrated in the Table.	0
Recalling again Table 1 (and using other results not shown), women as a group feel less appreciated by their colleagues, center-based researchers as a group feel more appreciated by their colleagues, and center-based women fall between these two groups in their level of feeling appreciated.	0
+Present address: Department of Applied Physics and Mathematics, Soreq Research Center, Yavne, Israel.	0
Additionally, taking into account the subjective nature and unwanted biases commonly associated with the decision committees (at least in Spain), the author proposes a protocol intended to decrease the abuse, misunderstandings, and incorrect interpretations of certain indicators; a problem common with many "experts" trained with 4-hours-only WoS/Scopus seminar.	1
This article aims to rewrite this corner of research integrity: organizations can directly commit RM and should be held accountable as such.	1
Further, recent data indicated that there are 195,000 preprints indexed in EuroPMC and there are no previous estimates on the proportion of pharma associated/authored preprints.	1
J. N. Goswami, Director, PRL, for the permission to carry out this study.	0
To consider the stratification of academic careers, this study departs from the usual approach of using bibliometric databases to define the sample of researchers to be investigated and identifying elites by high publication and citation rates.	1
The definitions of A(papers) and A(cit.) are given in the text	0
We are calling it a publication facts label (PFL).	1
While some ranking systems provide subject wise rankings, none of the well-known ranking systems characterize and rank institutions at fine-grained levels of research themes.	1
For completeness, a summary of the mathematical model which relates the quality of research to the group size is given in Section 2.	0
This content downloaded from 128.252.067.066 on July 26, 2016 01:28:57 AM	0
This project has identified significant research output and subjective benefit from relatively modest FRO seed grants, implying a favourable cost-benefit ratio.	1
We argue that it is not suitable to compare the JIFs of a non-English journal with an English journal which are calculated by using citation data from an international database such as Web of Science.	1
This study also yields a methodological contribution to the LIS research field.	1
1 Architecture diagram of proposed hybrid features’ evaluation model for binary citation classification	0
If this should not prove of the advantage I intended, I shall have to regret that I employed a good deal of time upon it, in a manner certainly extremely dry and unentertaining.	0
Although the present studies contribute to a better understanding of geographical bias, we want to emphasize the main limitation.	1
Reconstructing the cognitive process of assessment described by many interviewees, we have sought to provide a roadmap of the relevant criteria to be met for paper acceptance (Fig.	1
The second modification of the tables allows one to simulate the aggregation of datasets.	0
Nano language and distribution of article title terms according to power laws.	0
1 Division of Plastic Surgery, Department of Surgery, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada	0
Moreover, comparative analysis of ranking indicators reported in these studies mainly focus on either national or global rankings only.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
Proportion of document types among citations found by WoS and Scopus, and not by GS.	0
The remaining structures of the paper are organized as follows: Section 2 describes the research framework, data source and methods; Section 3 presents the analysis results; Section 4 discusses the results; Section 5 summarizes the main conclusions and then presents the limitation and the boundaries of this paper, as well as the future study.	0
We release this software as supplementary material to foster its integration into preprint servers' workflows and enhance a daily preprint-publication chase that is useful to all readers, including systematic reviewers.	1
We suggest a redesign based on two simple starting points:	1
Attempt for recommendation system design for inventors with such an objective and verification of such an ability is done for the first time, at least according to our knowledge.	1
Uppsala University library today makes available such an information system, Summon, and it would be interesting to compare its abilities with those of GS.	1
This study presents a general bibliometric overview of JIPH since it began being indexed by SCOPUS in 2008.	1
"Cloud" is a metaphor for the internet in the information age.	0
The authors would like to thank Mark Partridge and Rose Olfert for helpful comments.	0
We do not expect other results with alternative tools, and the consideration of alternative tools in future studies might be an interesting addition.	0
This very common pattern of mentioning sources in the main text of articles and the numerous cases of dubious citation practice were not expected at the beginning of this part of the project, and thus they prompt speculation and theorising about the citing behaviour of practitioners in a field such as LIS.	0
In this respect, our study does break new ground not only for geography but also for science studies in general.	1
In further consequence, the current results provide additional up-to-date evidence for why assessing scientific quality or performance of individual authors or institutions by the JIF must be considered an inappropriate and mostly meaningless (mis-)use of this metric (Casadevall and Fang 2014; Garfield 1996; McKiernan et al.	1
This study provides insights into the consequences of implementing promotion guidelines to discourage publishing in questionable outlets	1
In this article, we propose a method to rank academic journals that utilizes non-patent references in patent documents.	1
The empirical analysis has found a positive effect of the DEAL on publication behavior in the field of chemistry, even though the evaluation period has been rather short so far.	1
First, that taking a multi-platform approach adds extra depth to a project beyond the sum of its parts.	1
The proof for this result is similar to that of Proposition 3 in Oyer (2000) and again we will skip it for the sake of brevity.	0
Authors have no conflict of interest, and the work was not supported or funded by any drug company.	0
This study was the first scientometric report of the most cited highest level of evidence systematic reviews and meta-analyses in dentistry that analyzed the main characteristics of papers and provided a historical perspective on scientific progress and displayed key trends in dental research as well as clinical practice.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric analysis on TCAM for stroke based on WoSCC.	1
The reviewer commented accurately and productively upon the quality of the author's interpretation of the data, including acknowledgment of its limitations.	0
Furthermore, key research topics and future research directions in social tagging are identified from the cross analysis of different perspectives of this field.	1
Via feature selection, we find that author- based features are critical in determining the number of accepted papers for an institution in the future.	1
The present study is the first comprehensive study on this phenomenon and is an effort to fill this gap to invigorate the scholarly literature.	1
1552 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—August 2007 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
This positioning of RCR education programs within research’s support system is somewhat simplified as these programs and research ethics broadly are also areas for further knowledge production.	0
To support this hypothesis and to demonstrate the effectiveness of this novel technique, we propose a user real-time feedback query expansion (RTFQE) technique for supporting scholarly search which uses QE and citation analysis in light of some important facts	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
For the full list of Cabell's violation criteria, see the Appendix.	0
This is as expected, since both values depend on the intensity of the professor's production.	0
1 The views expressed in this article are personal and not official.	0
However, to say the least, it is far from perfect (Barnett 2016; Bendiscioli 2019; Chubin 1994) and it is time for an open discussion about alternative allocation mechanisms (Guthrie, Ghiga, and Wooding 2018).	0
Among the colleagues who read and commented on the first draft of this study, special thanks to Richard Hills and Richard Wielebinski for thoughtful insights and for catching some errors that had eluded us.	0
We would like to thank all the editors who completed the survey.	0
The goal of this paper is to quantitatively determine the CS publication practices in Argentina, their evolution over time and their relative impact.	1
However, it is not clear whether and how these disclosures improve upon the conventional approach.	1
We begin by decribing the data base that will be used.	0
However, there have been rather few scientometric studies analyzing the outputs of Czech science and none of them has dealt with the whole 20-year period of the existence of an independent Czech Republic.	1
The authors would like to thank the reviewers for their insightful comments.	0
Second, by using panel data econometric techniques, this study argues that at least part of the delay is associated with Laureate's age by the time of their prize-winning discovery.	1
In this section, the three cycles of the AR project are reported.	0
With this in mind, we set out to study the research output of every accredited cleft and craniofacial center across the United States to determine the factors that are most strongly associated with their academic success.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Research output and economic growth in G7 countries: new evidence from asymmetric panel causality testing	1
This paper proposes h?-index as an improved index of h-index taking into consideration of the influence of papers that cite a focal paper.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
This paper addresses these gaps with new empirical evidence on knowledge transfer that occurs through a star-help mechanism in small economies, where star help is indicated by acknowledgements to various forms of star help in the acknowledgement sections of published journal articles.	1
Dawson pdawson@rider.edu Rider University, 2083 Lawrenceville Road, Lawrenceville, NJ 080648-3001, USA.	0
The authors wish to thank all the participants at the conference who provided comments.	0
This is the first comprehensive bibliometric analysis of scientific activities in the field of asbestos research.	1
The aim of this paper is to introduce a new measure, termed the alt-index.	1
Note 73 nodes and 3 clusters, the bigger the circle, the more influential the country in this field.	0
For academics, Goodreads possesses its greatest potential as an altmetric research tool if a book that has been received well within the academic community as scholarly, accurate, and thought provoking piece of work can also attract substantial public interest.	1
The new indicator is the number of highly-cited articles per researcher.	1
A bibliometric method assessing interdisciplinarity based on papers and their cited references was introduced, based on Scopus entries between 1972 and 2020.	1
Therefore, this paper carries out correlation analysis based on the analysis results of CiteSpace, combined with national policy documents and critical events.	1
This NCI-sponsored MCCRW has had a major impact on the training of clinicians in their ability to design and implement clinical trials in cancer research.	1
The short communication then explores approaches that might mitigate against these effects, suggesting 'starting thought from women's lives' (Harding S. 1991.	1
In the opinions expressed on the current communication sys- tem and options for publication, peer review and open data (Fig.	0
First, let us have look at these results and then go on to the interviews.	0
In this paper we first provide the reader with background information about normalisation factors and focus on the arguments for or against the averaged and globalised approaches (Section 2).	0
2 It is important to remark, nonetheless, that in many cases, an additional work is needed because a correct identification of authors is not fully automatic due to differences and bugs in signatures and affiliations.	0
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
None of the tools identified copies of all the articles, so they need to be used in a complementary way when evaluating OA policies.	1
These overviews were also compared with those of the reciprocal pair.	0
Kuruppu is science and technology librarian, Iowa State University Library, Ames, IA; he may be contacted via e-mail at: pkuruppu@iastate.edu.	0
First, albeit disciplinary differences in collaboration practices, our analyses highlight negative collaboration experiences as one key dimension of social dynamics of research collaboration.	1
For a discussion on the importance of AI for sustainable entrepreneurship, see Bickley et al.	0
Murray for providing insights, the IMS Health for making their data available to this work, and K.	0
'Universities' are taken to mean all higher education institutions, irrespective of their name and status within their country of location.	0
2012), this study takes the recent 10 years of earthquake research papers collected by Web of Science Core Collection (WOS) as the research object on the basis of bibliometrics theory and methods; analyzes the collaborative contribution networks of the international earthquake research field, research hotspots, and the development trend; and reveals the group distribution, contribution, and discipline evolution of cooperative research in seismology.	1
The final randomly selected sample (n = 657) was used to repeat the same test that we conducted with the original sample.	0
The present paper contributes to the literature on empirical modeling of the journal impact factor distribution by verifying in a statistically rigorous way if the two-exponent law is consistent with data on impact factors.	1
Correspondence: Inquiries to Jean Anderson Eloy, MD, FACS, Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Rutgers New Jersey Medical School, 90 Bergen St., Suite 8100, Newark, NJ 07103; fax: (973) 972-3767; e-mail: jean.	0
X2 and p-values for the Chi squares test of gender results	0
This distribution of responses is directly related to the number of faculty members and researchers in humanities and social sciences in universities and the CSIC.	0
In contrast to previous studies, the current analysis has found some areas in which WoS is better than Scopus and so Scopus is not always the most comprehensive source.	1
This article draws on Joseph Nye's concept of 'Soft Power' to explore the role that OA is playing in helping to reshape academic publishing in China.	1
Second, both the author citation network and the co-authorship network are involved in the authors' intra-network, whereas the MutualRank model only involves the author citation network.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The aim of this conceptual article is to identify integrative principles underpinning collaborative (research-related) practice in the academy in order to provide a conceptual framework that reinstates the role of knowledge within collaborative formations.	1
However, there is not a study on a certain publication type, thus this study fills that void.	1
The processing of data was done by writing programs in Python.	0
The bibliometric data used in this paper are from an in-house database developed and maintained in cooperation with the Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL, Munich) and derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) prepared by Clarivate Analytics, formerly the IP & Science business of Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA).	0
1 These proposals use the relationships to contruct a graph and then they apply algorithms for graphs, such as clustering or page rank.	0
The r value between the four research indicators and the numbers for e-journal use are highlighted in italics	0
Other languages, such as Spanish or French, do not reach 1%.	0
The analysis confirms that gender performance differences in the early career may be disappearing, a result that sharply contrasts to what has been concluded from earlier studies.	1
Correlations were run with and without outliers for all years and no statistical differences were observed, thus outliers are included.	0
Keywords: Multiplex networks; hypergeometric ensemble; networks of innovators; hypergraphs; research teams.	0
In this paper, we propose a comprehensive bibliometric review of the development of global Antarctic studies and present a quantitative analysis of published Antarctic articles from 1993 to 2012.	1
In this context it would be very interesting to apply the generalized hierarchical version of Infomap described in Rosvall and Bergstrom (2011) to see whether it offers a plausible, intermediate result, more detailed than the partition we received with our iterative approach, but less dispersed than the partition we received from the one time application of Infomap that we started with.	0
Furthermore, a comparison of our new method with previous models of citation network analysis and knowledge combination analysis showed that our new method is better than those previous methods when used in measuring originality.	1
The method presented and developed in this paper—structural topic modelling and a cosine similarity-based regression approach—are its main contributions, and aimed to detect differences in research topics of East and West German scientists before and after German reunification.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
SJR and ES can be more accurate quality indexes in certain conditions.	1
In the knowledge society, individuals are expected to have more freedom and greater possibilities for self-realization and a wider spectrum of choices to make among alternatives, while respecting beliefs and ethics, just as each problem will have multidimensional solutions.	0
Figure 2 displays the ROC curve of the seven ML models.	0
As no distribution of uncited papers was present in the top 1–30%, it was not listed in the table.	0
Nho, MD, MS, Department of Orthopaedics, Rush University Medical Center, 1611 West Harrison St, Suite 300, Chicago, IL 60612, USA (email: shane.nho@rushortho.com, nho.research@rushortho.com).	0
This study examines the CoARA initiative from theoretical, practical, and applicative perspectives, exploring its implications.	1
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7903 0000, Fax: +44 (0) 20 7903 0011	0
The knowledge diftandel of differential dynamics in scientific collaboration of non-uniformity networks formed, and the relationship between the degree distribution and evolution of knowledge diffusion 15 further discussed, to reveal the dynamic mechanics of knowledge diffusion in scientific colabora on networks.	1
1 Forum Internationale Wissenschaft, Bonn University, Heussallee 18-24, 53113 Bonn, Germany	0
To cite this article: Ashraf Uddin & Vivek Kumar Singh (2014) Mapping the Computer Science Research in SAARC Countries, IETE Technical Review, 31:4, 287-296, DOI: 10.1080/02564602.2014.947527	0
This attempts to tackle a long-standing methodological limitation rooted in specific or isolated national contexts (Thomas et al.	1
This article presents an analysis of publication delay for 13 science journals published by CSIR-National Institute of Science Communication and Information Resources (CSIR-NISCAIR) for articles published in 2015.	1
It should be kept in mind that while the related paper with the authors’ research is cited in new paper, it shows that the subject of the new paper is in harmony with the scope of the journal.	0
We show that the archetypal framework for analysing science changes from the 'prisoner's dilemma' to a game of 'pure coordination' – with potentially very different implications for public policy.	1
Details are provided in the results section, following the probit model estimates.	0
GRECO is Professor of Marketing at Fordham University's Graduate School of Business Administration.	0
2009), thus, we employ the term of both community detection and clustering in this research alternatively.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 64(3):455-463, 2013	0
In counterpoint, we demonstrate that the collaboration pattern for countries in Africa is far from universal.	1
This paper introduces a simple agglomerative clustering method to identify large publishing consortia with at least 20 authors and 80% shared authorship between articles.	1
Table 3 Regression Results for Effects of Distance on Research Productivity.	0
The results also conflict with prior claims that big data approaches will overtake sociology, threatening traditional methods (Savage & Burrows, 2009), although sociology was not assessed on its own.	1
Acknowledgements The authors are grateful to all the anonymous reviewers for their precious comments and suggestions.	0
Of paramount significance is our discovery of an intriguing inverted U-shaped relationship driven by the number of disconnected components within local collaboration networks.	1
In addition, we extend Lissoni et al.'s (2013) results beyond the Italian case, by considering also Austria, France, Germany, Spain, Sweden, and the UK.	1
We also thank the faculty at the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies for the valuable comments on the appropriate selection of journals to measure the knowledge divide in the environmental sciences.	0
So in order to publish this adaptation, authorization must be obtained both from the owner of the copyright in the original work and from the owner of copyright in the translation or adaptation.	0
In this paper, we propose the application of a novel methodology to build composite indicators, in order to evaluate university performance.	1
I wish to acknowledge the help of Julia Rodriguez in providing a fresh set of eyes for the first manuscript draft and for asking perceptive questions of the data and of the author.	0
As a result, content studies in this area are time-sensitive and track a moving target.	0
Here, we propose a method based on the analysis of bipartite interconnected multilayer networks of citations and disciplines, to assess scholars, institutions, and countries interdisciplinary importance.	1
In this article, we show how the roles of team members change as scientists and inventors switch from on-site to remote collaboration.	1
To do so, we developed a behavioral model of the citing process, which is the paper's second contribution.	1
The use of these projects seeks to diversify the units of analysis classically used to study the interactions among researchers beyond bibliometric sources.	1
(2019) for a recent review of the literature on international collaboration.	0
The third journal, Journal of Vascular and Interventional Radiology, is the official journal of the Society of Interventional Radiology.	0
We thank Ingo Scholtes, Frank Schweitzer and Yi-Cheng Zhang for suggestions which improved the manuscript.	0
In "Conclusions" section we comment on the findings and draw conclusions.	0
The population consists of the universities having at least 2 professors in the SDS	0
A spotlight has also been shone on payment for Article Processing Charges [17, 18], and the motivations of senior researchers in relation to open science [19], and as far as we know, no other article has compiled the opinions of such a large collective of researchers with regard to open science and all its aspects, although Ruiz-Perez's [12] study is focused on researchers and open-access publishing.	1
We build a unique database to characterize the role played by distinct affiliations and educational backgrounds in this process, while controlling for experience and individual quality levels.	1
Keywords Research fields · Scientific disciplines · Evolution of science · Dynamics of science · Scientific development · Scientific specialties	0
This does not only mislead the readers of the study, but also makes this method to criticism.	0
Other document types were excluded, i.e., announcements, book reviews, commentaries, conference reports, and letters to the editor.	0
Personal perspectives of bioinformatics research in China were also presented.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Figure 1 Trend in total publication output between 1998 and 2018 (NA, North America; UKI, UK and Ireland; EUR, Europe; JAP, Japan; ROW, rest of the world)	0
It also suggests future directions that the journal might take.	1
This research was funded by Shanghai Philosophy and Social Science Planning Education Youth Project, 2019 (Grant No.	0
Thus, new criteria are required to identify princes.	1
(2006) by applying the analysis of coauthorship networks to the collaboration of institutions and countries.	1
To our knowledge, the present paper is a first attempt to assess if they also hold for LSRFs, a research organization explicitly designed to build on collaborative research.	1
Acknowledgements We are grateful to Tecnologico de Monterrey, which supported this study through the Intelligent Systems Group and Elsevier to develop this research.	0
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/uhej.	0
Here, we provide additional analysis, drawing on survey data provided by 64.1% of alumni (75.9% of alumni with valid email addresses), plus program-supplied current workplace data for survey nonresponders to examine the relationships between medical specialty choices, training duration, research effort, and success in obtaining research funding.	1
Because no previous study can be used as a comparison to this study, more studies are required to confirm whether similar citing behaviors of researchers from disciplines occur in citing the same sources.	1
Table 2: Distribution of Citing Sources of Two Individual Papers from CILS (2006)	0
Number of analytical chemistry publications and percentage share in world total (1981-1985)	0
Finally, this study represents an example of the benefits that recently developed techniques in natural language processing - still not widely adopted in scientometric research – might bring to the mapping of the scientific literature, especially in the case of big and fast-growing fields like climate change research.	1
We provide the first systematic evidence of the impact of JSTOR on the economic literature.	1
A new journal power-weakness ratio to measure journal impact	1
Is this too complex for analysts to explain to policy makers?	0
This work presents a wide outline of the publication and citation structure of IJCIM with the help of quantity and quality indicators such as total number of papers, total citations, h-index and citations per paper.	1
The keywords used to identify materials helpfulness include “supply,” “use of,” “cells,” “reagents,” “antibodies,” etc.	0
With the aim of knowing the actual state of research activity at a global level within the “Agronomy” category from Web of Science, first a wide general study was carried out.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(7):1360-1376, 2010	0
The article's third and final contribution is to show that even a grant with a relatively modest budget and time horizon can afford the idealized research experience—a protected space—when scientists find themselves in an institutional context characterized by an increasing shortage of it.	1
The present study adds to the previous literature in that it elucidates how scaling properties of citation-based performance is affected by research collaboration.	1
Frank's most important services was unquestionably the establishment of the medical journal Istanbul Contribution to Clinical Science, first published in 1951 in English, German, and French.	1
The data presented here are for synchronous self-citations and are intended only to illustrate the relative abundances of the species.	0
This was intended to reveal gaps and overlaps, and to learn more about the funding sources for this research.	1
This study focuses on the barriers to research productivity among faculty members of B-schools in India, which is a significant contribution to the existing literature.	1
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
In bibliometrics studies, researchers tend to evaluate the research performance of nations' scientific outputs based on indicators such as mean citation counts (Albarrán, Perianes-Rodríguez, & Ruiz-Castillo, 2015), mean normalized citation indicators (De Moya-Anegon, Guerrero-Bote, Lopez-Illescas, & Moed, 2018; Herranz & Ruiz-Castillo, 2012; Marshall & Travis, 2011), shares of world citations (Gonzalez-Brambila, Reyes-Gonzalez, Veloso, & Perez-Angón, 2016), shares of highly cited papers in the world (Bornmann & Wagner, 2015; Leydesdorff, Wagner, & Bornmann, 2014; Rodríguez-Navarro & Brito, 2018), etc.	0
Presented at the Symposium to Honor John Benson, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, June 12, 1991.	0
Despite available studies [11], relatively less is known about how international collaboration based on co-authorships enhances the scientific output and career progression of researchers from relatively less developed countries, such as those from the Latin American region.	1
However, these studies lacked a fine-grained classification of accountable entities, focusing on only two types of entity (i.e., authors and journal authorities).	1
Also, an estimate of how much authors would spend if they had to bear the entire APC is presented.	1
These files were merged using the DOI and stored in an SQL database for analysis.	0
This represents a distinctive feature of our model as compared to DEA approaches to ordinal rank data [62-66].	1
We consider the social data in the ranking practice and provide a more valuable and comprehensive view on the impact of Chinese institutions in the NI, based on our altmetrics from online academic activities.	1
We also thank anonymous referees and the Editor of the Journal for helpful comments and suggestions.	0
As it was mentioned before the bulk of previous literature on citations was concerned with their counting.	0
We thank three anonymous referees for many instructive comments and Daniel Chamovitz, Dan Graur, Eli Levy Karin, Lior Noy, Omer Eilam, and Naama Kopelman for suggestions.	0
However, it must be emphasized that, in spite of the fact that the data relative to the personnel at University of Extremadura show a clear masculine predominance, the figures approximate quite well to the national average, both being situated above the European average.	0
This study overcame 2 challenges: the presence of different authors with the same name in bibliometric data and varying contributions by coauthors in the article byline.	1
We claim that, rather than promoting meaningful research, purely metric-based research evaluation schemes potentially lead to a dystopian academic reality, leaving no space for creativity and intellectual initiative.	1
This approach, with the addition of recent recommendations from the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues (2014) to integrate considerations of societal implications of science, serve as the basis of our recommendations for ethics learning in graduate statistics programs.	1
The bibliometric analysis presented in this paper adds value to the existing body of literature because it provides an overview of the overall publication landscape and informs the scientific community of the publications that have had the most impact on PA and aging research (Chuang et al., 2011).	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
This article empirically investigates the connection between international collaboration and research quality for the first time, with 148,977 UK-based journal articles with post publication expert review scores from the 2021 Research Excellence Framework (REF).	1
Consider the question: if additional software were added to the capital stock of software, how much economic growth would it generate?	0
Dr John Rigby and Keith Julian are with the Manchester Institute of Innovation Research [the merger of PREST and CRIC], Harold Hankins Building, Manchester Business School, University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.	0
Received: 3 November 2021 / Accepted: 16 January 2022 / Published online: 11 February 2022	0
Thus, the current study addresses this question by using two comprehensive data sets with publications (in the biomedical area) including quality assessments by experts (F1000Prime member scores) and citation data for the publications.	1
For all analyzes, Excel dynamic tables were used to create the frequency tables and the time-series graphs, which include the corresponding linear regression lines to highlight the statistical significance of the observed trends.	0
the proportions of individuals who have collaborated internationally and the degree of international collaboration, and then GDCI-indicators are presented in multivariate analyses.	0
The main novelty of our algorithm is that COI relationship and suspected COI relationship are employed to quantify the citation strength of the articles.	1
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
For male faculty the corresponding population is large and thus additional criteria would have to be adopted to select the sample.	0
The analysis presented in this paper has elements in common with several of the aforementioned studies, however it arguably provides a more principled and comprehensive analysis of the research dynamics expressed by IJHCS and CHI.	1
Our peer-reviewer training programme is innovative with the potential rippling effect of improved writing skills.	1
In our empirical analysis this occurred for a very limited number of firms.	0
Based upon this information, we introduce the new concept of the Sci-GEO chart (the chart represents geographical characteristics of research areas on a science map), which aims to classify research areas using information on continuity and cognitive linkage.	1
Furthermore, our study contributes to the more general literature on the economics of innovation and technological change, by giving new light on the effect of technological development on the dynamics of science.	1
Here, we draw upon academic perceptions of impact set in motion in the UK during the 1970s, we critique the underlying assumption that impact is new.	1
Authors' contributions Both authors contributed to the study conception and design.	0
In this way we open a new direction for the large literature dealing with science mapping.	1
Among the questions raised were the following, followed by my comments:	0
For one thing, all indicators in this paper are valid for an entire entity evaluation, such as comparison among countries, scientists, institutions, disciplines, and so on.	0
Through the lens of a series of other factors, a comprehensive analysis will help improve our understanding of the nature of user engagement and its position in the ecosystem of science-social media interactions.	1
Hence, we propose an embedding framework that reflects both author and citation data as well as full-text data that reflects the papers’ core structural information.	1
Sub-network of co-authors (the 32 greatest c-index authors whose c-index are greater or equal to 5).	0
In this sense, this is one of the first studies that analyzes the associated factors with citation, using a predictive model that incorporates interaction effects.	1
Acknowledgments The authors are grateful to anonymous referees and editors for their invaluable and insightful comments.	0
He was a Deputy Minister for Institutional Competencies, Ministry for Research and Technology and has been a Secretary, Minister for Research and Technology in 2010.	0
C. J. Lortie (lortie@yorku.ca), Dept of Biology, York Univ., 4700 Keele St., Toronto, ON, M3J 1P3, Canada.	0
Keywords: centres of excellence; impact of funding instruments; cumulative advantages; Nordic countries.	0
The journal Medicine is in the unique position of having transitioned in 2014 from being a ‘traditional’ highly-selective journal to the OAMJ model.	1
The work applies the funnel plot methodology to measure and visualize uncertainty in the research performance of Italian universities in the science disciplines.	1
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
It should be kept in mind that data may change over time.	0
Department of Information Systems and Business Analytics, Hofstra University, Hempstead, New York	0
The primary contribution of this research lies in its empirical evidence of the association inherent in current peer review systems with interdisciplinary studies.	1
Downloaded from dij.sagepub.com at East Tennessee State University on June 17, 2015	0
Where m is the number of links, Aij equals to 1 if there is a link from node i to node j, Pij is the probability the edge between i and j exists under the null model, gi and hj are communities that the country and discipline belong to.	0
5.1 The impact of the young returnee scientists on their peers' academic outputs	0
In this regard, we focus on the sector levels of international coauthorship networks that extend beyond country-level descriptions.	1
This article proposes a measure that aims at quantifying the impact of research de-emphasizing productivity, thus providing scientists an alternative, conceivably fairer, evaluation of their work.	1
The above-model offers several predictions, some of which are summarized below:	0
Note: DE, author keyword; TA, total articles; %, occurrence frequency (the ratio of articles with the keyword to all articles with keywords in prescriptive period); ↑↓, occurrence frequency rose or dropped (compared with previous stage)	0
The key advantage of contribution disclosures is that they provide more information about the breadth and types of authors' contributions, reducing the risk of error of erroneous inferences regarding these aspects based on author order, which is especially useful for middle authors and in larger teams.	1
Received April 28, 2017; revised February 15, 2018; accepted April 3, 2018	0
Employing two methods in this study validated the findings, since both methods indicated the same top databases and database pairs.	1
The example for part 5 is also an example for part 6.	0
The current study is the first to present baseline data on research activity on the global research landscape and trends concerning RCTs focused on insulin resistance.	1
In our extensive review, we meticulously evaluated using bibliometric analyses all the articles from the earliest known records in major electronic healthcare databases related to major dementia types that were published by authors affiliated in various institutions in the SEA region.	1
The AJPC system's classification evaluation methods were detailed in the following section.	0
6 The remainder of this text, however, makes explicit reference only to universities.	0
Also, there have been no studies in the malnutrition literature comparing the relationship between traditional bibliometric analysis (citation count, journal H-index, IF) and altmetric analysis (AAS).	1
Hence the later patent publication years have a shorter period during which citations can be accrued.	0
Academics whose research proposals had been rejected were identified by successful colleagues.	0
This retrieved metadata is also used by other services, such as the collection service described below.	0
Libraries also have an opportunity to help the university's researchers take greater control of their scholarly outputs and increase the reach and impact of their work, for their own benefit and for the good of society more generally.	1
Our paper contributes to understanding the possibilities and limits of the use of social media indicators as potential early indicators of the impact of scientific work.	1
For their reading and review of an earlier draft of this article, we thank Jane C.	0
Nevertheless, there has been no systematic study of Microsoft Academic's coverage of scholarly books or its citation counts for typical books.	1
The two new methods introduced here for calculating national citation impact estimators for individual subject areas within different countries give results that are broadly comparable overall to the previous arithmetic mean method, giving them credibility as potential replacements.	1
All other PIs and their associated grants were excluded from this analysis.	0
Therefore, in this research, we evaluated the accuracy of the Author ID by matching it to the large Japanese funding database named KAKEN and quantitatively analyzing whether this new bibliographic tool can be validated for general use.	1
The first author acknowledges support by the ESRC project Mapping the Dynamics of Emergent Technologies (RES-360-25-0076).	0
This work was supported by a grant from the Research Grants for Librarians Program,	0
Considering that different journals may be indexed and then included in Scopus at different paces, we did not count citations in 2009.	0
First, rather than considering computer science at the disciplinary, macro level, we consider China's contribution at the micro level by focusing on three specific aspects of the discipline, viz.	1
As the number of scholarly journals has grown over time, so has the collection of those journals that are indexed in Web of Science.	0
Yet, we are the first to investigate the relation between the type of e-mail address in a publication and resulting citations.	1
In this study, the possibilities to extend the basis for research performance exercises with editorial material are explored.	1
This gap is addressed by the present paper.	1
We contribute to explorations of collective attention by combining insights from the social attention literature that suggests that humans (and other animals) pay attention to other members and their identity (e.g., social status or prestige signals) to acquire valuable social information.	1
But there is much more that can be done with additional data links and modern tools (Foster et al., 2016).	0
A cookie is a unique identifier which WWW providers (in this case ADS) assign to each user and store on the user’s computer using the browser.	0
562 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2001	0
This study contributes to bridging the gap between the two narratives in question by arguing that the inquiry into how evaluative homogeneity emerges has to find support both in socio-political (Hamann 2020) and epistemic approach (Bonaccorsi 2018) to research evaluation, as what appears as purely external is in fact affected by the norms internal to epistemic communities (Cetina 1999).	1
These data provide up-to-date norms to facilitate evaluation of Australian psychology academics using SciVal.	1
To cite this article: Samir Kumar Jalal, Subal Chandra Biswas & Parthasarathi Mukhopadhyay (2010) Web Presence of Selected Asian Countries: A Webometric Study, Collnet Journal of Scientometrics and Information Management, 4:2, 57-68, DOI: 10.1080/09737766.2010.10700893	0
The purpose of this research is to participate in inventing a new methodology to satisfy the increasing demand for accurate measurement of the effectiveness of policies.	1
Second, the ASA methodology does not ask active scholars to sequentially rank journals as in other assessment studies but determines relative rankings as an endogenous function of active scholar perceptions of quality and awareness of each journal.	1
The analysis highlights four path-dependent tendencies of Russian nanotechnology research: publication pathways and the gatekeeping role of the Russian Academy of Sciences; increasing geographical and institutional centralisation of nanotechnology research; limited institutional diffusion; and patterns associated with the internationalisation of Russian research.	1
Besides clear and evident cases of scientific fraud, most cases are intended or unintended questionable research practices.	0
To tackle these aforementioned issues, we propose a new generalized Dirichlet Multinomial Regression (g-DMR) topic model that replaces a linear inner product in topic priors with the general form based on Topic Distribution Function (TDF).	1
All specifications include year of graduation fixed effects, and subfield fixed effects.	0
We would also like to thank the alumni of the McGill MD-PhD program, as well as the current students of the program, for their time and responses.	0
An assessment strategy map/table of GEQR has been accordingly proposed as a mined innovative function of co-word networks, which provides new holistic understanding of global environmental quality.	1
We developed a methodology to determine the structure and geographical distribution of knowledge, as well as to reveal the structure of research collaboration in such an interdisciplinary area as service innovation by performing journal information analysis, citation network analysis and visualization.	1
The authors would also like to thank the anonymous reviewers for their helpful and constructive comments.	0
One of the interesting findings of our study is the longest publication time (231 days) for the papers written in collaboration with top-ten authors and by editorial board members.	1
when it discusses multidisciplinarity, it emphasizes not growth, but relative amount, and 3.	1
Our study examines this question using semantically themed citation networks.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We attribute this effect to the universal difficulties of restarting a research group at a new institution.	0
Section 2 provides a review of link analysis based ranking methods in academic social networks.	0
Here too there are variations between countries and between subjects: it by no means always leads to higher income, even in the field of university teaching.3	0
The present study, is the first assessment of research performance of Iranian health research networks conducted according to the qualitative method that set based on experts' views in specific fields.	1
All subjects were reclassified under one of these categories except the Scopus subject “Multidisciplinary” (0.67% of Scopus) and subject “Undefined” which was excluded.	0
Here I will be concerned with the highest, or most inclusive levels of the clustering, which come closest to showing the relationships between scientific fields or disciplines.	0
All 95% CIs with p < 0.05; Ro: the basic reproduction number; CFR: case-fatality-rate.	0
Histograms of the bootstrapped sampling distributions of weighted average MNCS indicators for the three groups (y-axis is relative frequency and the x-axis is the MNCS indicator).	0
This research was supported by a Veterans Administration Merit Review Grant, MRIS 1416 (Dr.	0
Besides analyzing how Wikipedia’s continuous evolution, comprehensiveness, and historical exports availability can contribute to solving the challenges, the second contribution is comparing and evaluating the novel methodologies from the domains of Natural Language Processing (NLP), Machine Learning and its sub-fields Deep Learning and Transfer Learning on the large amount of data available in Wikipedia, underutilized in the domain of interest, and discussing the challenges of the process.	1
The objective is not to analyze trends in the countries themselves but to examine the data for evidence of an underlying research volume – research impact relationship.	1
The approach outlined and data presented here serve as a template for researchers seeking to generate similar normative data for other fields.	1
Acknowledgments: The authors would like to thank the two anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
But the deviations between the g-index and the square root of the total number of citations turned out to be somewhat larger.	1
The question is surprisingly hard to answer when it involves human migration and mobility.	0
This work was supported by grants 03.02.16.001 from Health and Family Planning Commision to Liang Gao.	0
The following two subsections will refer to some of these complementary aspects, which are more directly linked to the quality of human life.	0
In this research work, we proposed a new methodology – OpenRank to rank HEIs using the quantitative performance indicators extracted from the data sources which are publicly available and scientifically verifiable.	1
Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms- and-conditions	0
1 Complex Systems Research Group, Faculty of Engineering and IT, The University of Sydney, Darlington, NSW 2008, Australia	0
We propose an uncertainty measure, which is based on a bootstrap approach.	1
Two, we contribute to the literature on research fund acquisition which has not zoomed in on early career scientists by switching the focus to them (Feinberg and Price 2004, Arora and Gambardella 2005, Li 2017).	1
This causes a decrease of the quality of the overall research publications.	0
The words in parentheses are to connect the quote with Pyne's findings.	0
Note: The data for China includes mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao.	0
The findings of this study can represent the impact of Iranian epidemiologists on this field using significant indices and provides a way to track their scientific progress and impact.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 210 times since 2006*	0
However, contemporary methods for evaluating influence tend to focus solely on individual algorithms, disregarding the collective impact resulting from the interconnectedness of these algorithms, which can provide a new way to reveal their roles and importance within algorithm clusters.	1
The results of the study indicate that self- archiving of the articles will greatly improve the visibility and citation impact of the articles.	1
Therefore, a positive correlation means that higher academic performance is associated with higher external influence.	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
For advice and suggestions thanks are due to two anonymous referees.	0
Parts of this study were presented at the 9th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, August 25-29, 2003 in Beijing, China.	0
Date of publication November 9, 2010; date of current version January 20, 2011.	0
Several studies have been conducted in this research area using a survey and event analysis approach; however, none has been conducted to investigate the status of knowledge, its features, evolution, and emerging trend of multimedia big data.	1
Therefore, in this paper, we propose a credit allocating algorithm based on a co-citing network to solve this problem and validate it using the APS dataset.	1
The objective of this paper is to conduct a retrospective evaluation of NAJEF since its inception in 1990.	1
Please cite this article as: Mei X, Zhu X, Zhang T, Jia Z, Wan C, Worldwide productivity in the hand and wrist literature: a bibliometric analysis of four highly cited subspecialty journals, International Journal of Surgery (2016), doi: 10.1016/j.ijsu.2016.02.029.	0
For example, they uncovered two disciplinary perspectives, i.e., linguistics and communication, overlooked by Stanton's categorizations (2002).	1
Her main research interests are the sociology of economic sciences, economic sociology, sociology of social change, the sociology of power and inequality and methods and theories of community organizing.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The obtained results indicate that the elements of science and higher education quality significantly impact the size of GDP per capita in the considered countries.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/1468-4527.htm	0
This research study discovered that Croatian journals suffer from many of the same problems experienced in other regions of the world, but they are also burdened with challenges such as lack of support for their editorial work (spending too much time on their editorial work and insufficient funding) and problems with reviewers (substandard reviews) that could seriously affect the quality of the journals.	1
Results are summarized in Table 1 and visualized in Figure 1.	0
They may better be used to draw the public's attention to topics investigated by the laureates (Chan et al.	0
While the Associates programme ensures that institutions unable to afford subscription to the full database are provided free access, in 2021 ASFA staff developed and launched a free-to-use search interface for records created by its partners, using a newly created portal called OpenASFA.	1
To overcome this limitation, this study defined and computed a relative count of publications called ‘CP' (credit-based contribution points), based on the sequence-determines-credit (SDC) method, which takes into account the level of contribution of each author.	1
This variant index (Collab-CNCI) clarifies entity contributions by considering different levels of domestic and international authorship collaboration through an additional normalisation in the CNCI calculation.	1
Our thanks go to J?rg Schl?pfer, ETH Zürich, for providing us with the data.	0
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
There has been no study done on this aspect of faculty members from Biochemistry in NEHU.	1
Sample II: Protégés of Future Prizewinning Mentors who graduate at least 10 years before Mentor’s prize year	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
To conserve space, we present only the top 50 research outlets.	0
This paper explores the internal structure and development trend of the JCEM journal, which not only provides an important reference for the future development of this journal, but also provides an effective analysis method for the future evaluation of journals.	1
Based on the above analysis, we see that there is a difference in disciplinary structure between the G7 and the BRIC countries.	0
TC = Total Citation; AAC = Average Article Citations; SCP = Single Country Publication; MCP = Multiple Country Publication.	0
Our study shows that ML classification algorithms trained on an existing mapping of abstracts onto fixed discipline groups outperform human research assistants at classifying new abstracts into these discipline groups.	1
Learned Publishing published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of ALPSP.	0
Presented at the Forty-seventh Annual Meeting of the Southern Association for Vascular Surgery, Rio Grande, Puerto Rico, January 18-21, 2023.	0
To address this hypothesis, we present a comprehensive methodology.	1
Esse nível de produtividade demonstra que os pesquisadores da área da Fisioterapia est?o envolvidos e comprometidos com a produ??o do conhecimento científico e que apresentam indicadores equivalentes aos pesquisadores PQ em outras áreas de atua??o.	1
Cite this article as: Mansour AM, Mollayess GE, Habib R, Arabi A, Medawar WA.	0
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
We provide a first look at open-source journals, both reputable and predatory, specifically pertaining to urology.	1
Such an investigation may provide an empirical basis and insights for understanding scientific activity patterns and research team management, and this is the question that the present study seeks to address.	1
I would like to thank Charles Schlauch for providing the 43 ratings that were used to calculate inter-rater reliability for the subject matter variable in this study.	0
It should be noted that, as a result of the selection criteria, impact factors vary considerably both within and between journal categories.	0
This section will introduce findings according to the above-mentioned six indexes and discuss about them.	0
-joint analysis of the analyzed document's content-related context, computational indicators of quality, as well as bibliometric and scientometric indicators and comparing the latter with the values for the documents included in the analyzed document's content-related context.	1
Line chart visualizes case occurrence; bar chart indicates rate per 10,000 words.	0
Dating back to 1924, Learned (1924) of the Carnegie Foundation conducted the first study of knowledge diffusion.	0
One could easily be overwhelmed by the massive volume of publications.	0
This research contributes to the literature on research misconduct in three ways.	1
I have therefore found it reasonable to attribute to each author a higher fraction of each paper than would be mathematically correct according to the number of authors.	0
Editor: Johan Bollen, Indiana University - Bloomington, United States of America	0
For more detail about the reference errors considered, see the supplemental material, section “1.3 Identification of reference accuracy inconsistencies”.	0
Our findings provide an important direction regarding the OA articles led by China and the United Sates.	1
The Use of Reference Sets and Properties of a Percentile-Based Rating Scale in Bibliometrics	0
The approach we have used in this study provides additional insights and evidence to the current literature by describing the structure of collaboration patterns and identifying aspects of co-authorship.	1
Although several studies of the most cited articles have been published recently, no study has analyzed the most cited articles on rotator cuff repair.	1
Furthermore, most previous bibliometric studies included only English articles [9, 10], so our analysis is more appropriate to reflect the rise in publications from non-English speaking countries.	1
Supplemental information for this article can be found online at http://dx.doi.org/10.7717/ peerj.2264#supplemental-information.	0
4 A list of all cut-off values can be found in the Appendix.	0
Through collecting the citations twice with an interval of one year and two months from Web of Science, the author investigated the effects of altmetric attention score collected one year and two months ago on an increase of citations during that period.	1
Manuscript received on January 22, 2013; accepted for publication on June 12, 2013	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(11):2340–2356, 2015	0
7—The fraction of papers with one, two, three, four, five, and more than five authors.	0
Pages—Web page counts of journal Web sites, collected from July 16 to 17, 2003.	0
The paper argues instead for an interpretation of the exercise as a multiply-ambivalent technology that operates at the transition points between traditional and contemporary forms of governing: it “recodes” and recombines practices of authority (such as punitive sanctions, for example through withdrawal of funding), discipline (such as regulation and administration of academic work) and government (such as functional “optimization” of institutional activity and use of resources) (Dean 2010, p.	1
This kind of 'authority' reveals the limitations of Weberian scheme.	1
To identify the SBs we developed our own algorithm which was implemented as an Excel macro coded in Visual Basic for Excel.	1
Since we reveal in our exploration that the MA data are limited to maximal 50 linked references per paper, we asked Microsoft whether the threshold of 50 is used for the calculation of the times cited information.	1
The method explained here is due to Sridhar Ramesh (no date available).	0
(2018) is more bibliometric biased (dependent variable is computed from a principal component analysis, in such a way that we obtain an index for the overall quality of academic performance) and research collaboration here is diversified onto national, international, and internal (collaboration within the same university).	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
up to 64° 10' and back to zero for 8, and from D, or 2R, down to 0.436D, and back up to D for le, are shown in Fig.	0
This compilation serves as a valuable resource for researchers conducting comprehensive reviews on FAW.	1
Since MHq does not match its original description in the literature, we propose a new indicator, the Mantel-Haenszel row risk ratio (MHRR), to meet that need.	1
Our study suggests that in order to increase a department's h-index, it is important to foster impactful research from within the faculty ranks of the department.	1
The approach proposed in this study presents a seamless pipeline that includes graph-based bibliographic data modeling, graph embedding generation, entity embedding integration, and machine learning for prediction.	1
Publication in Open Access Journals in the Last Three Years: Researchers Polled in Cuban Health Research Institutes, 2007	0
Keywords: open access, open scholarship, open education, educational technology research, gold open access, publishing	0
Basic descriptive statics for each may be found in Table 7.	0
This study develops a typology of 11 activities involving Chinese researchers' use of RIM systems, including finding relevant literature and patents, knowing about other researchers, interacting with peers, applying for grants, and identifying conferences to attend.	1
Access to some relevant variables from the review process allowed us to consider several peer-review related predictors for the first time.	1
The reference class for the referees' status is "Professor", while for gender is "Female", the one for recommendation is "Reject".	0
In addition to such national services, and in many countries as an alternative, many individual institutions provide lists of theses they have accepted, and many subject guides with varying degrees of coverage have been produced.	0
The list of author affiliations is available in the full article online.	0
Moreover, the study has been appreciated as pioneering the use of a quantitative approach to identify the knowledge structure of a research field.	0
This study also shows that dissertation data can be integrated with other types of data such as publications and careers, which should facilitate our understanding in the interactive nature of productions of scientific knowledge and scientists.	1
It is also significant that the most impactful authors did not appear in the list of authors that produced the largest volumes of papers.	1
The regression framework presented in this paper provides not only an easily interpretable aggregation of the cosine similarities, but also a way to test hypothesis.	1
Keywords: acknowledgment, authorship, ghost author, guest author, mentor, responsible conduct of research (RCR)	0
There are, however, no existing studies on the amount of research output contributed by each state.	1
Being the first of its kind in the OB and HRM discipline, our study thus provides the 'missing counterpart' to similar studies in various other disciplines including sister business disciplines like economics, finance, and accounting (Chung and Cox 1990; Cox and Chung 1991; Chung et al.	1
This article compares Scopus citations with Mendeley readership counts to assess systematically how readership counts vary over time and how their relationship with citation counts changes over time.	1
Received 11 June 2021; Revised 15 December 2021; Accepted 3 January 2022; Published 9 February 2022	0
This stands in contrast with many other active labor market policies often studied by economists.	1
to visualize and identify the topologies of the overall co-authorship network of SM research to determine whether the networks in the SM field reflect the characteristics of a “small world’’ approach -reflecting the characteristics of social networks (Watts and Strogatz, 1998).	0
Megajournals represent a new and unique model for scholarly gatekeeping, manuscript development, and dissemination in contemporary science.	1
This aspect is largely missing in existing research.	1
Different from most existing approaches of measuring field interdisciplinary based on aggregated citation patterns or topics, the extracted knowledge entities we use support a more fine-grained and in-depth understanding on scholar-level research diversity.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(9):1275-1278, 2006	0
The results therefore give the first large scale evidence of the fields in which international co-authorship for articles is usually apparently beneficial.	1
L'archive ouverte pluridisciplinaire HAL, est destinée au dép?t et à la diffusion de documents scientifiques de niveau recherche, publiés ou non, émanant des établissements d'enseignement et de recherche fran?ais ou étrangers, des laboratoires publics ou privés.	0
The main aim of the developed optimization ranking method is to attach link weightings between different nodes in the citation network by calculating the corresponding article age and the number of citations article.	1
In the next section, we describe the dataset and methods used to test these hypotheses.	0
Note that for NE, SP and SE the standardized coefficients lose meaning since the explanatory variables are binary.	0
The need for innovation and creativity is a constant in management science (Bogers et al., 2018).	0
Identification of the most influential companies based on number of citations.	0
Note: This table was constructed by means of three computer packages: NodeXL version 1.01.229, UCINET 6.308, and the R project for statistical computing.	0
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at University of Sydney on March 13, 2015	0
We provide an exploratory case study of the South Korean higher education system where performance-based funding programs are rampant, using a novel panel dataset comprised of all the general four-year universities (n = 184) in 2009–2015.	1
1 The number of book reviews found in web of science in the most recent 12 year period, 2000–2011	0
Specifically, we introduce a standardized analytical procedure and associated measures to unearth the latent topic landscape of any text corpus (e.g., journal, journal basket, individual or organizational article portfolio) and describe the underlying topic distribution (i.e., topic structure, focus, and newness) of each constitutive entity.	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
3 Decision tree (CRT) of normalised position by funding acknowledgements, funding sector and international collaboration (unweighted samples, WoS 2008–2013)	0
< 1), traders (green, -1/3 <L; <1/3), and lairds (red, ?1 < L?	0
The gist of this argument is that the research process is facilitated by ensuring rapid and widespread access to research findings, such that all communities have the opportunity to build upon them and to participate in scholarly conversations (Tennant et al., 2016).	0
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at UCSF LIBRARY & CKM on March 10, 2015	0
But the findings also point to an unacknowledged feature of cluster hiring, lost in the hyperbole surrounding its presumed contributions – namely, that its benefits are unequally distributed across demographic categories and by field and institutional location.	1
This paper has presented a novel method to map logical sections of PDF formatted research papers to the IMRAD structure.	1
In Section 2, we present an overview of the literature dealing with the link between gender and citation impact.	0
The scale of our analysis enabled us to identify salient features of collaboration between nations that have not been previously described, including the conserved inverse relationship between levels of fractional collaborative output and total research.	1
A nuanced and multidimensional research approach is needed if we are to understand the dynamics of contemporary academic landscape.	1
Based on the existing research, this paper designs a new method to provide a comprehensive analysis of a country's scientific capability in economics and business discipline.	1
This theoretical model depends on the citation matrix and a content-based citation analysis.	1
Acknowledgments The authors acknowledge their debt to Paul Gottlieb for editing the manuscript	0
Qualitative Analysis of Faculty Opinions on and Perceptions of Research Impact Metrics 901	0
It is unarguable that many respondents are highly motivated and willingly engage in elaborate cognitive processes.	0
The strategy of recruiting aims to achieve compositional diversity in terms of gender, rank, and disciplines.	0
Expanding upon the informative work of Rupp (2015), Van Fleet and Bedeian (2016), and Van Fleet et al.	1
The relationships between the citations of the publications have allowed, with an independent analysis, to establish clusters by key words based on the level of citation.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Please see page XX for the Editor's Capsule Summary of this article.	0
Given the importance of the problem of confirmatory bias we have proposed an online tool which can be used to study author's beliefs about the causes of manuscript's rejection.	1
Ravid is professor of medicine and biochemistry and founding director, Evans Center for Interdisciplinary Biomedical Research, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts.	0
The findings are useful to libraries in shaping their strategies for meeting the rising challenges of scholarly publishing.	1
We thank all the individuals who participated in the focus group workshops.	0
The results seem interesting for assessing the multidisciplinarity of younger researchers with scarce scientific output and few citations.	1
However, to date, there is scarce information about the research priority for the Arab countries, particularly in MRI.	1
Following studies on citations to chemical databases (Tomaszewski 2019), it was decided to further investigate and fill in the research gap of citations to well-known bibliographic databases used by computer scientists, engineers, and mathematicians.	1
This work intends to add new knowledge to the little we know about the scholarly impact of private sector research (Bloch et al., 2019; Lebeau et al., 2008).	1
The probability distribution for intermediate values of DJ-J is essentially zero, and data within this range are omitted.	0
This work was first published as a proceedings paper in the Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics.	0
We use semantic recognition techniques to establish the link between scientific discovery papers and patented technologies to explore the relationship between the quality of public knowledge production, government research funding, and early firm engagement in the science-based innovation process.	1
This paper analyzes the status of cooperation in Chinese humanities and social science with a holistic view, and has discovered the particularity of humanities, the growth property of social developmental science, and cross-disciplinary social science and the maturity of applied social science.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ianb20	0
The choice of a single case study is due to the nature of the investigation, which is largely explorative (revelatory case).	0
Note: The line value is the number of editors in common between pairs of journals connected by a line.	0
To that end, in this study, the first in-depth science mapping analysis, as well as an STM analysis of the NLP-enhanced clinical trial research, was conducted, especially for disclosing its structure and evolution.	1
This finding is also a novel aspect of this study.	1
Funding The authors have not declared a specific grant for this research from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
The distribution of citations from review articles shows that novel knowledge essentially derives directly from research articles (53–72 %)—to a much less extent from proceedings publications published in journals (9–13 %).	1
If a journal did not contain ten articles in the year considered, the sample was completed by taking the necessary number of additional articles from the year immediately following.	0
Although these studies could shed light upon some of the underlying mechanisms of obsolescence of scientific literature, many questions remained unanswered.	0
See Figure 8 for the UK graph, the others being similar.	0
This was the first scientometric report on glaucoma, analyzing the characteristics of papers and the trends in scientific production.	1
To Professor David Warton for advice on the use of Smatr 3 routines.	0
Table 1 Number of tweets for each twitterer (arranged in alphabetical order) during the year 2013	0
Furthermore, in line with only a limited number of previous works (Bornmann and Daniel, 2007; Jayasinghe et al., 2001, 2003), in the analysis we incorporate attributes of the reviewers and the reviewing team as a whole.	1
Note: The numbers enclosed in the parentheses are the researchers’ rank in the m-index.	0
The application of statistics of ISI-indexed SNPRs to measure global interactions between firms and universities is our main methodological contribution.	1
Citation: González Alcaide G and Gorraiz JI (2018) Assessment of Researchers Through Bibliometric Indicators: The Area of Information and Library Science in Spain as a Case Study (2001-2015).	0
Our introduction of the term 'alt-index' is therefore meant to be analogous to the h-index in that it focuses on altmetrics data to measure both the volume and social media activity of scientific literature.	1
On the other hand, the proposed model combines a citation networks and textual similarity network to enhance the performance of scientific document clustering.	1
Alluvial chart displaying the alignment between organizational dominance and main cognitive scope for all subject specialties with authors from social sciences and humanities.	0
There is a lack of study focusing on investigating the familiarity and usage of traditional metrics and altmetrics among scholars.	1
Number of Publications citing Cohen and Levinthal (1990) during the period 1992–2005 (source: Web of Science).	0
Thus we provide an account of the profile of LIS research, covering the 40 years from 1965 to 2005.	1
(More details from Survival International, 36 Craven Street, London WC2N 5NG).	0
Java tool (which is freely available online) which can be used by other researchers.	0
By applying Habermas' theory to a living example of collaboration within a tertiary institution, this article contributes a new approach to research on the area of interdisciplinary practices.	1
To note the exclusions is not to criticise Butler and McAllister – after all they are building on excellent work that has sought to extend the conventional measures.	0
Previous studies provide differing results, hence a need for each academic institution to know its status for the purpose of formulating appropriate policy towards achieving gender equity without trading off productivity.	1
degree from Business Administration Department at Bogazici University and her M.A.	0
5 Trend of market share of four stages of nanotechnology value chain	0
However, there is no bibliometric analysis of the field of seismic science, especially for earthquake prediction.	1
My work in this manuscript differs from the previous works in both the end goals and the approach.	1
Our analysis has revealed a number of important functional information characteristics of the MGMT collaboration patterns of researchers in India and the US.	1
One solution is to bring peer review into the light.	1
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
We have demonstrated that there are some gaps in the content of the literature about chronic anthropogenic disturbances, and we have proposed some different directions that this research line may be expanded.	1
Unlike prior studies which compare the patent citations to papers in different countries (Gazni, 2020; Gazni & Ghaseminik, 2019), we focus on one single country which has produced a large body of scientific papers but relatively a small number of science-dependent patents.	1
To address previous limitations, we propose a new approach to compute the novelty of scientific documents by combining both citation and text data (see Fig 1).	1
This finding is interesting since the focus of the majority of research on plagiarism has been on internal factors within the control of students and whenever external factors have been studied, the focus has been on the skills and training of the students.	1
A theory of "megacitation" is introduced and used in an experiment to demonstrate how a qualitative scholarly book review can be converted into a weighted bibliometric indicator.	1
But the question is though theoretically those are very good but practically how far that could be effective is questionable.	0
In cases where standing member lists were unavailable the most recent member list was used.	0
In this paper we contribute to the literature explaining gender differences in research productivity by analyzing the complete set of Swedish researchers.	1
In this case report, we presented the implementation of a workflow that ensures open access compliance for the REF and also increases overall deposit rates independently from the REF.	1
Total activity needed to produce a scientific paper was supposed to be 100 percent.	0
Although the NIAA is addressing the crisis it initially set out to resolve, a systematic and quantitative assessment of the scholarly productivity of NIAA-facilitated research grants has not been performed to date.	1
Section 5 presents our experimentation with the Citeseer data base; and finally, Section 6 presents some perspectives and conclusions.	0
Table 2: Equity conditions in access to the editorial positions in 37 international public Health journals (PHEEGR= Public health editor equity gap ratio: the ratio of highest representation to lowest representation of countries)	0
Here, we present a comprehensive long-term analysis of the multidisciplinary character of multidisciplinary journals.	1
The present report is the first bibliometric and altmetric analysis of SMILE research using the literature from the beginning of when the technique was first introduced, which provides deep insight by showing research trends, weak research areas, and areas with potential for future improvement.	1
The main contributions of the paper are as follows: We propose a blockchain-based solution to enable transparent, traceable, and trusted university ranking systems.	1
Despite the existence of a rich literature, spanning a variety of disciplines, elaborating on the recombinant nature of invention, we lack a formal and quantitative characterization of the combinatorial process underpinning inventive activity.	1
More important, I urge the funding councils to remember that all evaluation mechanisms distort the processes they purport to evaluate.	0
Let us now focus on the HCPs for the French HCRs from the latest annual list.	0
Arrows point in the direction of the origin of the cited "foreign" science-base in patented technology	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
To this end, a number of researchers have come together to explore this question.	0
For a survey of fuzzy clustering techniques, the readers are referred to [4]).	0
Unlike the algorithms reviewed above, the method does not assume that there are multiple related words or multiple related documents that are likely to be co-cited.	1
The new classification system improves on alternative options by avoiding the problem of randomness in each run that has made algorithmic solutions hitherto irreproducible.	1
An increase in frequency and number of articles can aid to publish wide range of research topics and increase their influence.	0
The data in Table 2 indicates that HotBot and Google discover new URLs quicker than the other search engines.	0
However, the evolution of the social structure (authorship, co-authorship, and institutional collaboration) in the SM field in the literature has not been hitherto examined, although Ronda-Pupo and Guerras-Martín's (2010) study conducted via SNA described the evolution of the positions of the participants' countries in the articles published in the SMJ between 1980 and 2009.	1
KEYWORDS open access, institutional repositories, scholarly communication, academic libraries, electronic resources, digital libraries	0
1) We present a new approach for establishing the collaboration network in the field of computer science centering on the Turing Award laureates.	1
Table 2: Numbers and Percentages of Top Organizations, Top Scientists and Percentages of Top Scientists Working at Top Organizations	0
If an IR had been replaced, the replacement was targeted for the survey.	0
According to Gastfriend, 90% of all scientists that ever lived are currently alive.	0
For the final knowledge networks, 1043 keywords of MI and 1252 keywords of CS were retained.	0
My next encounter with the Epstein study came two weeks later, again in the form of a phone call.	0
The online version of this article can be found at: http://rsw.sagepub.com/content/early/2010/05/24/1049731510369141	0
SJTU 2005 ranking for UK universities plotted against ranking for total Wok citations 2000-2004	0
Section 3 continues with a description of the analytical framework and the case studies of this paper.	0
IZGE GUNAL is a professor of orthopaedics at Dokuz Eylul University Hospital, Izmir, Turkey, interested in the problems of medical writing and ethics.	0
This should be taken into account when the indicator values are interpreted for shared references within this period.	0
The calculation of journal IF is influenced by a couple of factors.	0
Uselton, professor of finance at Texas A & M University, who provided some of the data.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
This article responds to a gap in the literature about the vagueness in the structure of big data as a domain [58].	1
This investigation's originality lies in its fifteen-year longitudinal consideration of knowledge management, social network analysis, and scientometrics.	1
This is one of the important findings in our study where culture was highlighted as one of the contributors to research misconduct.	1
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Patrice Laget is at the Inserm Unit 646, 10, rue Andre Boquel, 49100 Angers, France.	0
This account is instructive because it captures the essence of how the scientist, and others who discussed taste, understand its essential features.	0
The search procedure was carried out by two explorers with experience in search strategies.	0
The numbers in brackets are the ranks of the various subfields according to their sizes	0
Secondly, at the time of the study, Altmetric.com was the dominant product in the market, and thirdly, the company gave permission to use Altmetric Explorer free of charge for research purposes.	0
Assessment of Review reports with a Checklist Available to eDltors and Authors (ARCADIA) constitutes the first tool that has been systematically developed to assess the quality of peer-review reports.	1
This sub-group that reviews on at least 7 panels over the 3-year timeframe will be referred to as Rev7 hereafter in this manuscript.	0
Matthew Bonnett & Antonios Siganos (20 Sep 2024): Referee quality and article citations: a case study of a finance journal, Studies in Higher Education, DOI: 10.1080/03075079.2024.2406389	0
To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first article to analyse the quantity and quality of tobacco-based research from the Arab world.	1
The following remarks are cast largely in terms of peer review of manuscripts for possible journal publication, but they also apply generally to peer review of grant proposals.	0
To cite this article: Peter Kokol (2018) Cybernetics: A Bibliometric Analysis Snapshot, Cybernetics and Systems, 49:2, 95-102, DOI: 10.1080/01969722.2017.1418789	0
We did not find any previous studies that analyzed factors linked to scientific productivity in clinical research.	1
DISPROPORTIONATE INCREASE IN MEAN TEAM SIZE IN SOVIET-RICH SUBFIELDS AFTER 1990	0
It incorporates the original h-index and CPP as a 'Corrected Quality Ratio' introduced by Lindsey (1978).	1
Impact: the effect or influence of one person, thing, or action, on another1; the power of making a strong, immediate impression2	0
Concluded, we provided the first evidence that the change in the perception of megajournals is associated with the deterioration of their bibliometric characteristics.	1
For more detailed information, we refer the reader to the original article.	0
Among the more insightful findings of our analysis was that academic output in recent graduates peaks prior to fellowship, suggesting that research may be considered ‘means to an end’ to access dermatology training.	1
It has been shown that the analysis of these relationships (instead of the most classical analysis of co-citation or co-authorship analysis) provide a novel perspective and a better understanding of the knowledge structure of the field and its dynamic character.	1
One significant point of this work is that automatic classification of documents on the seven defined topics on the basis of MeSH and KW Plus terms, using (g ≥ 0.2), shows that nearly 50% of the documents included in Web of Science are not included in the seven topics.	1
We now define our terminology more formally, and describe the operation of the various services of the system in more details.	0
Moreover, this report is the first large academic work on book evaluation in humanities and social sciences, and it can attract more attention to academic book publication on the part of presses and promote the prosperity and development of disciplines in humanities and social sciences.	1
ANY studies of the sociology of modern science and the communication patterns of scientists now agree that one of the dominant characteristics is that form of organiza-tion which has become known as the “Invisible College.”	0
"The total is less than the sum of column data due to multiple counting of publications co-authored by professors of more than one UDA	0
Detailed and accurate data reported by institutions allowed to the unprecedented scale to compare the scientific performance in the Polish higher schools of physical education, measured by the number of publications in scientific journals (appearing world-wide), what evidenced the dynamics and constant development of sport science.	1
Since the early 1990s he has studied scientific communities in Kenya, Ghana, and India.	0
Our study will contribute to the scientific knowledge by bringing forward the social sciences outlook on utilisation of Big Data and AI analytics between 2015 and 2020.	1
The comprehensive—near exhaustive-size of the collection removed from the present work a data-based limitation that was to be found in previous exploratory studies such as Zhao’s (2009).	1
There is no available measurement instrument to assess the degree of publication pressure that scientists experience.	1
Our contribution in this study is twofold: first, we propose a novel approach to a previously unaddressed problem the ranking of real-world objects and test its feasibility on two test cases.	1
Next, I propose a further extension from the communication system to the reward system of science, a balance between communication needs and necessary material exchanges: Ultimately, the Ivory Tower depends on an outside supply.	1
Gradually, retractions have been permeating the dynamics of research productivity in many countries but, so far, there is limited knowledge of this interaction.	1
This study proved that it was possible to develop a content-based citation analysis approach using the semantic and syntactic features in high-volume texts, along with the significant machine-learning achievements that can be obtained from text categorization algorithms.	1
The approach presented here entails a seven-step procedure that can be transferred and replicated in other research areas and emergent fields in large databases characterized by a very robust and detailed framework to observe the coverage of a field depending on which method has been applied.	1
Two classical measures, such as Shannon’s index3 and Simpson’s index, are able to combine variety and balance dimensions but fail to account for disparity between different categories (Rafols and Meyer 2010).	0
Our analysis of top tier cardiovascular journals using the WoS's Citation Median mode illustrates that this representation obviates some major constraints intrinsic to the JIF.	1
However, sometimes one can get the impression that people cite their own papers only, because nobody else does.	0
Next, Pierre Agostini's Nobel Prize website at https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/physics/2023/agostini/facts/states that "in 2001, Pierre Agostini succeeded in producing and investigating a series of consecutive light pulses, in which each pulse lasted just 250 attoseconds."	0
All relations are positively significant, that is, the number of citations increases with the increase of articles.	0
This paper examines performance assessment practice in Europe-first, identifying the most commonly used bibliometric methods and, second, identifying the actors who have defined wide-spread practices.	1
109L900204) from The Featured Areas Research Center Program within the framework of the Higher Education Sprout Project by the Ministry of Education (MOE) in Taiwan, and by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), Taiwan, under Grant No.	0
Logit(F) = α + β.N + y.Year + d.Uni + o.Subject + τ.Call + v.Rev_Scores	0
The present study offers a new method to quantify such similarities based on keyword co-occurrence matrices.	1
From the Department of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery (J.R.C., T.R.D., E.H.H., B.J.D., S.M., H.J.K.), MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, Washington, District of Columbia, USA; Georgetown University School of Medicine (M.A., N.S.), Washington, District of Columbia, USA.	0
La investigación demostró la utilidad práctica de los métodos Biplot para la clasificación de universidades en función de sus tasas de Rendimiento, Graduación y Abandono.	1
Much discussion has ensued from BJIR's Editorial Board regarding the journal's scope, mission, types of articles and its need for more internation-alism (Heery 2005).	0
The data retrieval strategy and resulting dataset is described in Section 2.1, and the scientometric methods and tools are briefly introduced in Section 2.2.	0
Ali Daud is with the Abu Dhabi School of Management, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	0
One such parameter that has been challenged in this article is that of academic authorship; an alternative authorship parameter has been proposed in this article and named 'crowd-authoring.'	1
Second, as an exploratory study that is aiming to generate hypotheses, this study raises more questions than it answers.	1
In contrast to traditional metrics such as impact factors and citation counts, this study used bibliometric analysis to offer a novel approach to exploring the persistence, reach and dissemination of this set of exemplar nursing articles found in the inaugural edition of the IVJ.	1
In sum, our evidence strongly opposes the belief that editors are able to make an accurate decision about the overall quality of manuscripts without considering the critical analysis of external reviewers.	1
Kim Quaile Hill is emeritus professor of political science and a Presidential Professor for Teaching Excellence at Texas A&M University.	0
An independent and objective evaluation by an outside firm compared those applicants who were selected to attend the workshop as students to those not selected for the workshop (not inferring a causative relationship).	1
The paper concludes with a discussion of findings and their implications for policy and future research.	0
Our assumption reflects the regulations laying out the evaluation criteria for the latest national habilitation competitions.	0
2014; Erfanmanesh and Moghiseh 2019; Liu et al.	1
In our own empirical analysis, we show that the peer review gift economy is significantly less stable and self-organizing, requiring a constant curating effort by editors.	1
The purpose of this article is to argue that current proponents of funding science by lottery overestimate the viability of peer review and thus unduly restrict the scope of lotteries in science funding practice.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Note Slice length is 1 and top 15% are selected per slice	0
School of Information Systems, Technology and Management, The University of New South Wales, Sydney 2052, Australia.	0
The proposed strategy has the novelty that it utilizes AI rather than link analysis techniques and text-similarity methods for the categorization of scientists.	1
The proposed tool is called ICTsR-WA, based on the use of WhatsApp from its profile as an Information and Communications Technologies didactic mediation agent, with the purpose of strengthening children’s emotional self-regulation, especially during the emergence and prevalence of COVID-19.	1
A more interesting coupling analysis is on the most common keywords of ISF.	1
Research Team on Sustainable Development, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, Hubei Province, China	0
First, we reduce monodimensionality by integrating data on research output (basically, scientific publications) with data on the teaching mission of universities.	1
In light of the issues identified in the current status of research integrity construction in Chinese universities with medical programs, the following improvement suggestions are proposed.	1
We are particularly grateful to Jeff Biddle, Nicola Giocoli, Stephan Hartmann, Rainer Hegselmann, Paul Humphreys, Chiara Lisciandra, Thomas Sturm, Paul Teller, and two anonymous referees for feedback on earlier drafts.	0
The application of HJ-Biplot enabled us to employ a multivariate approach from an integrated study of indicators, since it provides an optimum quality of representation for rows and columns in the same reference system.	1
The institutional addresses of the respondents included 48 different countries, excluding 2 indecipherable and incomplete country names.	0
The special point and research question aim to determine how these ranking systems reflect previous analyses Tollefson (2018), Brainard and Normile (2022), Gaida et al.	1
We start by describing the features used, followed by the classification accuracy.	0
The present case study sheds light on the possible effects of the inaccuracies in author profiling, at least on the outcomes of type of analyses presented in this paper.	1
*Tun Sri Lanang Library, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia and ?Faculty of Computer Science & Information Technology, University of Malaya, Malaysia	0
The views expressed in this manuscript are those of the authors and do not reflect the official policy or position of the Department of the Army, Department of Defense, or the US Government.	0
Note that, in both cases, we take no position on the scientific merits of the issues discussed – our concentration is exclusively on the directional, destabilizing, or distorting, effects engendered by the funding environment of the research in question.	0
To confirm this unexpected finding, we developed a novel simulation-based method to determine how the interest levels in graphene science and technology change with time.	1
Keywords: bibliometric analysis, citations, Google Scholar, nephrology, top 100 most cited articles	0
Despite being introduced in 2017, no study has analyzed the methodology applied by this ranking.	1
The latter rank will be much better if we assess by average rank.	0
1 Evolution of the spatial pattern of China's digital technology innovation level, 2011-2021.	0
This article contributes to the existing literature on quality in higher education by presenting the findings of a comprehensive survey of university rankings in Spain.	1
Despite some evidence that scientific journals do not contain the type of information considered most important by conservation professionals (Roy, Smith & Russell, 2009; Fabian et al., 2019), the degree to which access to the scientific literature meets the stated needs of the global community has never been assessed, and little consideration has been given to the role of libraries in facilitating access to literature.	1
Publications based on nonreproducible analyses should, therefore, be retracted.	1
What once was a costly search that required expert training to perform is now available to all on hundreds of university campuses.	0
Therefore, this article aims to increase our understanding of how journals try to shape peer review by analysing the instructions for reviewers of RG of 46 management journals included in the Web of Science database (WOS) and exploring variations between journals of different rank.	1
The reviewer can then use many tools to uncover similarities within or differences between the published outputs of co-authorship communities to define prominent research programs.	0
The area between the two dotted lines depicts the 95% confidence intervals for the OLS estimates.	0
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the manuscript and its Supporting information files.	0
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
Both the barycenter and SAPV approaches hold serious advantages over a simple comparison of publication portfolios.	1
The DPG case offers important lessons for funders to improve instrument design and bundle modalities to tailor instruments to promote excellence in specific ways.	1
Table 4: LIS Research Deficit at the Country Level During 2015-2019 in Asiatic Region	0
In this paper, we base our study on a set of 12 dissimilarity measures and propose a new approach to quantify the speed of evolution in a research field using the method of principle component analysis.	1
Because of shortcomings of JIF,[1-3] we added new bibliometric characteristics available over the past 3 years and provided by Thompson Scientific: Five-year impact, Article Influence, and Eigenfactor.	1
Our scientometric study has also revealed novel domain-dependent trends and hotspots.	1
All other articles (book reviews, editorials, letters to the editor, reports of conferences, etc.) were excluded.	0
Faculty of Arts, Department of Information Science, Helwan University, Cairo, Egypt	0
The web resource at http://nautilus.ugr.es/research/game/ helps editors to explore whether they should evaluate the manuscript themselves (see Fig.	1
The relationships between reputation, heterogeneity, and scientific performance in administration in Latin America had not been addressed empirically.	1
The research reported in this paper was supported by funds from the Electronic Libraries Programme, an initiative of the Joint Information Systems Committee of the UK Higher Education Funding Councils.	0
The best linear fit to the data is also displayed to guide the eye.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
We also would like to thank Marina Martin-Gisbert for her preliminary work on describing the temporary submissions series and, concretely, for her help on data visualization, creating the plots shown in Figs.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12.	0
We need methods to identify and measure the various types of demands that are driving the science system, and we suggest that analyses of proposal data, perhaps using discourse analysis, has the potential to fill this need, just as Garfield's citation indexes met the needs he identified so many years ago.	1
To respond to this issue, this study introduced the concept of NPR to the assessment of journals in an attempt to develop an assessment method that focuses on technological value as an alternative way of assessing journals.	1
This study used an unprecedented CNCI and the SIGAPS category alongside TC, CP, and JIF to evaluate clinical research papers’ citation impact.	1
In short, this article attempts to objectively evaluate the academic impact of CJITWM from multiple perspectives.	1
The REF required each staff member considered for submission to submit four outputs each [15].	0
Table 1 Coverage of Scopus articles from health sciences, life sciences, physical sciences and social sciences in Mendeley	0
This study presents the results of a survey that relied on researchers agreeing to participate.	1
This descriptive bibliometric study aims to close this knowledge gap by providing an overall picture of global research on giftedness based on publication and citation data from Scopus and Web of Science.	1
This paper makes a comprehensive quantitative study on the academic influence of CJITWM by the basic method of bibliometrics.	1
First, the analyses are performed on seven subject areas as indexed in Scopus.	0
In this case, new journals which did not appear in previous ranking lists are still excluded from subsequent studies (Truex, Cuellar, & Takeda, 2009).	0
This paper marks the first attempt to characterize the citation features of policymakers from a fine-grained and multidimensional lens, aiming to illuminate their policy adoption decisions.	1
Received 7 December 2023; Received in revised form 9 January 2024; Accepted 11 January 2024	0
His main fields of interests are: social theory, history of science, and sociology of science.	0
Note that summing up the percentages in the right-most column of Table 2 gives 95.4%.	0
Thirty years have passed since the SERVEI was funded, but since then there has not been any research into scientific production among Society members.	1
Obviously, co-authorships can only be used to count author contributions to publications assuming that such mutual authorships imply some form of ‘collaboration’.	0
Received 20 June 2020; Received in revised form 9 October 2021; Accepted 26 October 2021	0
In this paper, we find weak correlations between downloads and paper features including title length and number of authors, as well as number of keywords.	1
Original (non-normalised) and normalised R-sequence for the journal Science over the period 1955-2003	0
Our study complements the Nettles research by indicating other ways doctoral students are more likely to experience more core applied research learning activities related to becoming a responsible researcher, when they are paired with faculty who think of themselves as mentors.	1
This study seeks to understand the causal effects of overseas mobility of the scientists who have scholarly been to the USA.	1
The authors received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Shashok for improving the use of English in the manuscript and for suggestions about the content and two anonymous referees for their suggestions.	0
The relative field strength (RFS) index also known as specialisation index or activity index is one of the standard bibliometric indicators used to measure whether a country (or region or institution) is relatively active or strong in a specific scientific field.	0
Admittedly our study displays a few limitations, which should be taken into account when interpreting the results.	0
Function words do not seem to have been analysed in the field of scientometrics before.	1
Our approach to measuring novelty is unique, but also scalable and available for replication.	1
The measure of closeness centrality does not consider the weight of the link.	0
This study contributions to the academic publishing literature by: 1) It calculates the elasticity of demand in the subscription and OA markets using the Lerner Index and provides valuable insights into the academic publishing market.	1
This study goes far beyond the focus of surface features of papers.	1
In addition, the study contributed to the literature by conceptualizing the levels of researcher participation in RIMSs and constructing a metadata profile for each of those levels.	1
This research incorporates metadata similarity with co-citation scores.	1
However, a pivotal finding of this study is that in Endodontology, articles with the high level of evidence such as systematic reviews and meta-analysis, received the most online attention (Figure 5), not articles with buzzword in the title.	1
This study aimed to bring attention to this gap in knowledge.	1
(2014), Serenko and Bontis (2013), Serenko and Dohan (2011), and Tahai and Meyer (1999)	0
This is the first time international scientific collaboration between researchers in the field of strategic management has been studied to such an extent.	1
Few studies have examined the complex combinations of factors contributing to the high research performance expectably driven by academic mobility.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
We acknowledge funding received from the University of Malaya, Malaysia (UMRG-RP001C-15HNE), which made it possible to undertake this research.	0
This is the first broad-scale study linking the style of scholarly writing to the success of individual scholars over their careers.	1
Based on our findings from the quantitative study and the subsequent qualitative contextualization, in this article, we propose concrete suggestions for journal guidelines that will both decrease the time needed for submission and reduce the financial burden the current system imposes on academia.	1
We present results of a large-scale study of potentially predatory journals (PPJ) represented in the Scopus database, which is widely used for research evaluation.	1
Department of Industrial Management, University of Seville, Escuela Superior de Ingenieros, Isla de la Cartuja, 41092 Seville, Spain	0
This article was created in the course of a research project of the universities of Bern and Geneva which has been conducted as part of an overarching research project coordinated by the Rectors' Conference of the Swiss Universities (CRUS, Project 2008-2011, CRUS, SUK-Programm 2013-2016) and initiated by the Swiss University Conference (SUK).	1
In contrast, based on the citation network, the CISCI results tell us the scientific roles that each country plays and indicate the country's scientific capability in scientific research.	1
The other types were corrections, biography, and news, which accounted for only small percent (Table II).	0
Our findings indicated that Addis Ababa University has to go to a great length to narrow the publication gap of peer-reviewed articles and the gap in grant writings for application between male and female faculty.	1
Our main findings provide some potentially valuable input to policymakers interested in the design of efficient and effective research funding systems based on real scientific merit to the highest possible extent.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
We identified cognitive and behavioral factors that can inhibit or motivate boundary-crossing activity as well as the factors contributing to deeper, domain-specific research.	1
Despite shorter durations and lower budgets, ARRA R01 grants had comparable citation outcomes per $million spent to that of contemporaneously funded payline R01 grants.	1
Reportedly scientometric studies are more frequent in emerging areas of science, but no such study has been traced on Cryptology.	1
Received: 31 May 2023 / Accepted: 16 May 2024 / Published online: 15 June 2024	0
Margaret MacDougall for providing advice regarding approach to statistical analysis and Ms.	0
This report aims to fill this void, focusing on collaboration networks of papers presented at past European Population Conferences.	1
An earlier version of this paper was presented at the 11th Wageningen International Conference on Chain and Network Management.	0
It should be pointed out that personal judgment, experience and interests are definitely factors that influenced the counting of the papers related to the corrosion field, so the present study just faithfully acquired the raw data from SCIE database without adding any selection logic.	0
We can also see from Table 1 that a majority of papers were promoted in the first year after publication.	0
The author would like to thank the anonymous reviewers and Margaret Law for their valuable suggestions and proofreading.	0
I am most grateful to my collaborators, Gerry Koocher and Patricia Keith-Spiegel, and to Ann Meeker O’Connell who had a major role in assisting with this part of the research..	0
It is important to keep this in mind to provide a context for some of the results in the next section.	0
What is more, it continues to be an area of intense activity, even today, thanks to the exciting theoretical and application possibilities.	0
1From a purely epistemological perspective all sciences could be seen as 'applied,' in the sense that they have to be relevant to some purpose.	0
Only one study has analyzed the quality of COVID-19 papers, comparing it against that of non-COVID-19 papers, using a case-control design covering the initial months of the pandemic.	1
No subjective elements are introduced ex ante and the problem of randomness in the initial seed that hitherto generated uncertainty in the results and made them irreproducible from run to run-as shown above when comparing the Blondel algorithm with VOSviewer for the decomposition-has been stabilized.	1
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS: The author thanks Abigail Grissom and Janet Robertson for their assistance in preparing this paper.	0
Although a ranked-based methodology was used, the framework proposed for this study was aimed at identifying the source(s) of a journal's impact from multiple perspectives.	1
However, to the best of the author's knowledge, no bibliometric analysis of health-related literature on natural disasters is available to date.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate such an association in the area of psychiatry in an emerging country.	1
There have been no similar studies published before, which can act as a reference to determine the sample size.	1
In sum, mapping results offer a deeper understanding and categorization of the relatedness and knowledge flows between fields and show researchers, universities, and governments how their current research relates to other research activity (Guevara et al., 2016).	1
* Table 4 continues in the online version of this journal.	0
Core to our approach is the integration of bibliometric citation data as process markers along the translational research timeline.	1
The most important contribution of this work is, we believe, in the methodology proposed for measuring the impact and diffusion of software.	1
Max Planck Society, Administrative Headquarters, PO Box 101062, Munich 80084, Germany	0
This study also extends the qualitative analysis of recommendation texts to shed light on FM star ratings in Faculty Opinions.	1
Y = 14.883 + 2.616 × 1 – 3.825 × 2 + 3.198 × 3 – 1.238 × 4	0
Correlations should be interpreted with special care, particularly when few measures with a restricted range of variability are analysed.	0
Figure 1 Percentage of total funding by year from 1990 to 2020.	0
2 Top 50 most-cited skull base endoscopy articles published per year; n = 51, due to articles with equal citation counts.	0
Stimulated by the availability of sophisticated bibliometric instruments and by our extensive observation of the Italian higher education system, which has very little differentiation and definitely lacks elite universities of meaningful size, we suggest a fourth strategy: to bud spin-off universities from existing ones, through the extraction of top professors from the parent universities.	1
Received: 25 April 2024 / Accepted: 20 August 2024 / Published online: 22 September 2024	0
This paper is, to our knowledge, the first broad empirical investigation of how open access affects industry, with direct implications for the organization of academic publishing.	1
The final conclusion of this paper is that undemocratic authorship decisions and authorship based performance assessment together are a form of symbolic violence.	1
The results generated here are important also because they are derived through an improved method of patent analysis.	1
I refer here to this soft influence that otherwise hard incentives can have on the research landscape as an ‘endorsement effect’ which I define as: the legitimizing and salience-increasing effects that research funding policies can have by way of tacitly endorsing specific research areas.	1
Saunders and an anonymous reviewer for detailed and constructive feedback on earlier versions.	0
Note: Here we see the evolution, on an annual basis, of the modelled topics from the LDA analysis, each topic as a % of the total.	0
The authors would like to thank the organizers of the 3rd annual PLANT FELLOWS meeting.	0
Existing research has not investigated the interplay between the journal's quality standard and the reviewer's incentives.	1
We contribute to the empirical literature on scientific leadership (Vessey et al.	1
If the value is >0.3, it is an indication that the cluster structure is significant.	0
Conflicts of Interest: We have read and understood Current Oncology’s policy on disclosing conflicts of interest and declare that we have none.	0
In conclusion, the automatic syllabus search method gives a new way to estimate the educational utility of books in a way that sales data and citation counts cannot.	1
These differences indicate a complementary aspect to these indices.	1
To determine whether this policy resulted in meaningful RCR educational experiences, our study examined the instructional plans developed by individual universities in response to the mandate.	1
It is shown that the “Document search” option enables one to obtain substantially more correct results; in this case, the difference is of a few tens of percent.	1
Ultimately, this article presents an innovative longitudinal Mixed Methods Social Network Analysis (MMSNA) approach to systematic literature reviews, significantly advancing previous SNA methods integration in this critical research practice.	1
2017) by introducing factors on media posting, comparing trends over multiple years and using a broader scope of journals.	1
The complete list of studies included is available upon request from the correspondence author.	0
To our knowledge, this study is the first systematic analysis of research funding specifically relevant to antibacterial resistance across 19 countries, and at EU level, including the IMI-1.	1
Furthermore, this research is also significant in that this tool can use the graph database to improve the development efficiency of relationship-oriented services and, unlike other GUI tools, this tool is capable of keyword search, link navigation, exploratory browsing that provides node expansion, and graph aggregation.	1
As there are two perspectives to citation analysis—citing and cited—we would like to posit the provocative claim in this paper that citations make a powerful statement particularly from one of these perspectives—the cited perspective.	1
Here, we propose a paper-level, citation-based indicator ?, representing our first contribution.	1
Before presenting our work, it must be acknowledged from the very beginning that research performance is not the only dimension of quality of a candidate to academic positions.	0
In Turkey, there is no widely accepted classification or official classification of universities for researchers and policy makers.	1
Though framed as a case study, our analysis is considerably broader in its implications: it employs these popular tools as a research instrument to reveal the broader landscape of software use in bibliometric research.	1
Authors are grateful to Hortensia Esteve for her valuable collaboration, Pilar Jiménez for help in data collection, Laura Barrios for help in statistical analysis, and specially to all those that have collaborated in the survey.	0
Received August 18, 2006; revised December 4, 2006; accepted December 4, 2006	0
This study shows that older people form indeed a very heterogeneous population, having different scores for each of the three dimensions of the SustainABLE-8 instrument.	1
By understanding how scientific studies are indexed in databases and searched by authors, we can strategically increase the discoverability and impact of scientific research.	1
Overall, the conference papers had an average two-year citation count of 2.15, and the journal papers had an average two-year citation count of 1.53.	0
Thus, one might associate this higher visibility in terms of citations to an altmetric advantage for female scholars.	1
Face-to-face interviews were scheduled at a convenient time and place for the participants.	0
Figure 1 Weighted number of articles, percentage share of total and total appearance by Australian and New Zealand Higher Education Institutions.	0
The contents of the second and third levels are readily understood from the first and fourth level contents.	0
By drawing on the qualitative content discussed above, we are now able to explicate the general principle expressed in (A) in terms of some central mechanisms.	1
1 Research Center of Science Technology and Society, Dalian University, Dalian 116622, China	0
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
In the present study, we used a different approach, i.e., tracking the change of research topics within the same research cycle after research funding are granted.	1
2020), thus being able to recognize the knowledge that has not been spelled out.	1
We extend prior work in a new direction by providing a theoretical basis for explaining how a text's thematic substance and argumentation style, embodied in salient topic and rhetorical attributes, meaningfully indicate future knowledge consumption.	1
First, we correct the interpretation of MHq and mention that it is still a meaningful indicator.	1
Readers will make their own judgments as to the meaning and significance of the empirical data in the article and my assessments of them.	0
Allonymous science here is an addition to the repertoire of strategies to form the face of science that food industry can employ - deliberately or less so.	1
The technology linkage model allows the identification of technology clusters and their link- ages to application or market domains.	1
The career-long decline in average citation impact per article for the United States overall is a key new finding, although it may be partly due to fewer self-citations to a researcher’s last output (but coauthors may self-cite it).	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
First, a new indicator, the emerging index, is proposed based on the emerging attributes such as novelty, growth, and impact to quantitatively measure the emerging degree of research topics.	1
Downloaded from jtt.sagepub.com at QUEENS UNIV LIBRARIES on March 8, 2015	0
Furthermore, it adds an additional level of coding through a manual coding procedure based on the full-text version of all the articles, which is fully described in the methods section and displayed in Fig.	1
This study uses two evaluative frameworks, the Robert's classification strategy of broader impacts and Woodson's Inclusion-Immediacy Criterion (ICC), to classify the impacts in NSF grant abstracts and project reports (Roberts 2009; Woodson, Hoffman and Boutilier 2020; Woodson and Boutilier 2022).	1
The main advantage of this approach, compared to the standard normalization of productivity indicators by discipline, is that it enables comparisons across disciplines without requiring access to the entire underlying bibliometric database.	1
He is the author of Marine Ecological Processes, a widely used textbook, and Doing Science, a guide to how scientists carry out their work.	0
District Court for the District of Nevada on March 29, 2019 to OMICS Group Inc. due to the US Federal Trade Commission suing OMICS for deceptive business practices, including enticing spam emails and the levying of unknown APCs after paper acceptance misleading the authors.	1
Furthermore, we have provided an analysis on collaboration between countries of differing income levels.	1
The analysis was carried out using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) software.	0
Here, we set e=10-6; typically 20–30 iterations are needed for convergence.	0
For clarity we formulate the definition of the IN and OUT h-degree in a directed network.	0
This type of analysis of the DEA bibliography has not been done before and provides new insight and a sort of conceptual map that can be useful for DEA practitioners and researchers alike.	1
Finally, it is important to note that none of the databases showed a decline in coverage, thus fulfilling the requirement of stability.	0
One possible alternative of content-based features could be metadata.	1
To facilitate use of this method, we have created an open source R package, ineqReSample, that adjusts inequality measures with the resampling correction.	1
Section 4 provides a citation analysis of EFM articles, and Section 5 concludes.	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, no comprehensive study of the top-cited articles in the field of sleep medicine has been made available to date.	1
Here, we will go beyond WoS coverage and analyse the publication output reported in national databases for all SSH disciplines.	1
2 Baylor College of Medicine, 1 Baylor Plaza, Houston, TX 77030, USA	0
No recent study auditing a broad range of journals with different publication models has been rigorously conducted.	1
Analysis and interpretation of data: Fogelholm, Leppinen, Nuutinen, Auvinen, Raitanen, and V??n?nen.	0
Through a historical examination of the collaborative phenomenon, this study contributes new insights with topical relevance by making apparent the extent to which collaborative enterprises are value-laden activities and have developed on ideological grounds that debate principles of collectivism versus individualism, and the autonomy of science versus the legitimacy of lay participation.	1
By examining the local uses of scientometrics by research managers, the paper sheds light on the development of these scientometric rules as glocalized versions of 'global standards'.	1
We combine citation-count data with interpretive coding data of citing behavior.	1
Each respondent, therefore, received a unique ordering of the questions, generated randomly by a computer program.	0
However, when previous studies about the internationalization of higher education are considered, some limitations in scope can be identified.	0
We here present data on activity of NSI research in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries.	1
Addressing aforementioned research gaps, our contributions are threefold: First, as called by Penner et al.	1
For simplicity of reporting, results are presented only for cases where the two simulated distributions have identical parameters but results are available online (the file location is in the conclusions) for which they have different parameters.	0
Our empirical findings suggest that they do; we discuss three particular ways in which they do so.	1
It occupies an interesting and noteworthy place among the leading, prestigious journals of the world.	0
This paper contributes to this literature by examining whether the introduction of online search platforms changed citation patterns across fields.	1
None of the authors have any personal relationships with other people or organizations that could inappropriately influence (bias) their work.	0
Results, part II: characteristics of the publication patterns in the SSH: language	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/spp/article/49/5/781/6611714 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 19 May 2025	0
I thank Elhanan Adler for pointing me to the Googlebomb of the query "Jew."	0
The findings are (1) the newly proposed indicator that has advantages over previous interdisciplinary indicators characterizing the relative location of each discipline in the knowledge flow, through both direct and indirect citations;	1
3 However, we had to exclude 9 HEIs from this analysis (1 from Switzerland, 2 from the Netherlands and 6 from the United Kingdom): for these HEIs, student numbers were reported for fields for which no staff was reported.	0
All conditions introduced so far dealt with both rankings and indices.	0
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.	0
The reader interested in detailed results should see Kostoff et al.14	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Alan Asher is Art and Music Librarian, University of Northern Iowa, USA <alan.asher@uni.edu>.	0
Finally, empirical research on evaluation functions contributes to policy transfer in the higher education field.	1
However, little is known about the relative importance of awards and the relationships between awards.	1
This work demonstrates that open access preprints have stronger growth tendency as compared to traditional printed publications.	1
Our study contributes to a growing body of work that focuses on AI bibliometrics.	1
A qualitative study was used to explore the strengths and weaknesses that Shenzhen has in terms of de- veloping a high-quality clinical research programme, which would be difficult to discern using quantitative methods.	1
Based on the retrieval and computation method applies as described in the methods section	0
Our study introduces a collaborative map that merges counts and connections, enhancing the typical single-data representation in bibliometric networks.	1
The journals are ordered by the Rank according to descending C/Cobs values of 1997.	0
For our study, all questions were presented in both English and Japanese, and in the case of the open-ended questions, participants had the option of responding in either language.	1
An important result of this study is that it provides a big picture overview of breast cancer research publications.	1
Abbreviations: AHNS-RGP, American Head and Neck Society Research Grant Program; NA, not applicable.	0
1 61 LIS journals are indexed in JCR Social Science in 2008 (APPENDIX 1)	0
In contrast to the two-exponent model, both proposed distributions have closed-from probability density functions and cumulative distribution functions, which facilitates fitting these distributions to data and deriving their statistical properties.	1
The color of each directed edge is same as the color of its source node (color figure online)	0
4 The number of collaborated projects that are already published (N = 51)	0
But it does suggest that at least for economists, tenure is not providing incentives to undertake research in the same quantity and quality that led up to the tenure decision.	1
This paper presents a new methodology to describe global innovations networks.	1
This research gap shows promise in providing a novel angle to interpret scientists' research performance.	1
Distribution of the number of journals available on the Internet in terms of TOC, abstracts, full text and free full text in years 1995-2000 as assessed in December 2000-January 2001.	0
The proposed search methodology based on a quantitative literature analysis represents a useful and potent tool to identify emerging research directions, collaboration networks, research infrastructures, and authors that are more active in the selected area of research.	1
COVID-19 pandemic infection has significantly impacted the trends in biomedical research and the citation of related publications.	1
This study is oriented to the South American context given the lack of studies on the behavior of collaboration and impact in South American universities, which allows a clear understanding of the behavior and joint trends of the results derived from these indicators.	1
The study enables to get insights about the amount of grey content archived at open-access repositories.	1
2012 John Wiley & Sons Ltd and The University of Manchester	0
however, this is the first time that a specialty-specific organization membership has been associated with higher academic productivity.	1
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
One, we add to the scarce literature on academic mentoring which has shown that institutionalized forms of mentorship such as postdoctoral fellowships matter (Heggeness et al.	1
In a sense, this is the central point of the whole line of CACHE methods, and it is where most of the important future work will take place.	0
In this study, we provide insight into factors affecting citations of papers published explicitly in the field of tribology.	1
The analysis of recommendation comments was conducted beyond their study to quantify sentiment intensity levels and test the correlations between sentiment intensity levels and FM star ratings.	1
Further, the authors attempt to propose an extended measure to estimate the quality per se of academic entities in IDR by borrowing the concept of prestige from the journal assessment field.	1
In this study, drawing on a unique co-authorship network in biomedical research, we embraced a network-based perspective to investigate the association between the scientific performance of individual biomedical researchers and various patterns of collaboration and criteria for credit allocation.	1
Our research fills this gap by examining how scholars in non-biomedical science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields (plus economics) resolve contributor-ship problems.	1
To be precise, we know the calendar year in which each investigator joined the HHMI’s payroll, but not the exact date.	0
We contribute to the literature on citation analysis and probe into the area of deep citation space (>450,000 articles) by investigating the structural properties of citation diffusion as well as the evolutionary effects of research relevance on citation structure.	1
This paper offers a possible theory to explain this paradox.	1
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-024-05044-w.	0
These same categories are used as-such for the study reported later in the article.	0
The following figures report the distributions (frequencies) of answers to the questions used as dependent variables	0
It will hence suffice to illustrate how citations to books may complement other analyses on such performance.	0
This study makes three distinctive contributions to the research incentive literature.	1
Second, in contrast to the literature that has used the expenditure on R&D as a proxy for scientific capacity (e.g., Bordons et al., 2015; Chinchilla-Rodriguez et al., 2019), I have used a more comprehensive indicator to describe the development of the RIS of a country, the Summary Innovation Index used in the European Innovation Scoreboard (EIS).	1
The current study might be considered as the first reportage on the most cited articles of art criticism.	1
This raises the possibility that information may be ignored due to linguistic and geographic barriers and this should be taken into account in the development of the global web.	0
The complete list is accessible at http://attiministeriali.miur.it/UserFiles/115.htm, last accessed January 28, 2013.	0
To the authors' best knowledge, this is the most up-to-date bibliometric analysis within aSAH research.	1
The kappa score for agreement for the identification of original articles was 0.92 showing an excellent level of agreement.	0
This paper explores what the editors of some of the internationally leading law journals that are not listed in the WoS think about applying to be listed in it.	1
If we consider academic papers as a kind of scientific 'currency' that is backed by gold bullion in the central bank of 'true' science, then we are witnessing an article-inflation phenomenon, a scientometric bubble that is most harmful for science and promotes an unethical and antiscientific culture among researchers.	1
Furthermore, this study proposes targeted suggestions to enhance faculty's research productivity and optimize the research environment.	1
2012), none has focused on learning and instruction research in the Asia-Pacific (AP) region.	1
The findings confirm reports in the literature of higher citation of publications co-authored with international collaborators.	1
These findings provided a structured and research-based viewpoint of COVID-19 in Iran to guide researchers and policymakers.	1
* Total papers (TP) are the total number of papers in the study.	0
I will wrap up the paper by briefly discussing some thoughts about testimonial justice related to the OA APC and scholarly communication between the Global North and South.	0
The support provided by the China Scholarship Council (CSC) during the visit by Xin Li to the University of Texas at Austin (No.	0
To understand this complex scenario, it is also relevant to offer a critical approach to the simplifications behind the concept of academic dependency that reduce scientific dominance to a simple import-export relation between centres and peripheries.	1
Fox and the Board of Directors of the Networked Digital Library of Theses and Dissertations, as well as the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Information and Library Science graduate students Jacqueline Brellenthin, Nicole Bungert, Julie Kinney, and Eleanor Peterson for their invaluable contributions to this research.	0
This study aims to address this gap in the literature by performing a quantitative analysis of twelve national and six global ranking systems.	1
In a rare comparison of publication rates, Milesi, Brown, Hawkley, Dropkin, and Schneider (2014) found that in a national sample of STEM researchers, men published over 25% more journal articles than women (with the difference slightly less among those with National Science Foundation funding).	1
The overarching goal is to contribute to a nuanced understanding of the global scholarly publishing landscape, pinpointing areas for improvement in Chinese journals.	1
The amount of editorial misconduct incidents collected during this study that occurred during interactions with professional organization journals (6 journals responsible for over 55% of incidents) indicate their lack of publishing ethics documentation has had a disproportionate and adverse impact on LIS research.	1
There is a lack of bibliometric studies on the research carried out on peri-implant pathologies; therefore, the objective of this study is to assess the evolution and current state of scientific production of literature up to 2019.	1
Overall, the citation structure, co-citation analysis, and research topics of FODM publications are explored in this study, which provide an objective view of the FODM journal.	1
We have shown that the three components of diversity (variety, balance, and disparity) can be measured independently and then combined, creating a more informed indicator.	1
Her current scholarly interests are cultural aspects of design, sustainable design practices, and innovative technology in the design process.	0
So, the other contribution of this paper is to generate a topical AuthorRank score, which is based on full-text extraction and the Labeled-LDA model, according to topic-sensitive author ranking results by four methods: first author, last author, the most famous author, and average author.	1
Despite these limitations, this extensive bibliometric analysis provides a comprehensive overview of the hotspots within oxycodone-related publications over 20 years.	1
In this context of this study, the modularity Q measures the extent to which a network can be divided into independent blocks, i.e., modules (Newman, 2006; Shibata, Kajikawa, Taked, & Matsushima, 2008).	0
In particular, we use this novel approach to answer the following questions:	1
This is a known approach in OLAP systems when the problem would otherwise not fit into available memory space.	0
The research outcome of this study can provide impetus for the Section of Earth Sciences (and eventually other sections of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences) to optimize the minimum values of the DSc title performance indicators by taking the specifics of each discipline into account.	1
Results are presented in the results section and discussed in the final discussion and conclusion section.	0
We will offer two new measures that we feel are better suited to a complete graph.	1
2 Score (Stockholm Centre for Organizational Research), Stockholm University, Stockholm, Sweden	0
Where Lit represents the number of citation links from i-class papers to the focal paper t years after its publication;	0
Using this unique dataset, our study contributes to the literature in two ways.	1
A significant aspect of the framework we have developed is its versatility.	1
This paper provides a comprehensive analysis of retracted publications in medical journals and their authors.	1
We have selected nanotechnology as the target subject for the quantitative analysis.	0
This research provides librarians, information professionals, nursing students and nursing scholars with valuable insight into the landscape of government information use, prevalence and origins across top nursing research journals.	1
We demonstrate in this investigation that the number of publications in German universities appears to be a function of the number of academic personnel working in the department and not of the discipline.	1
Acknowledgments This work is supported in part by the “Aim for the Top University Project" of National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU) sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Taiwan, ROC.	0
It should be noted that, throughout this discussion, costs will occasionally be referred to and are based upon the experience of the author, who has worked in science and technology collection development for more than 25 years at five libraries.	0
For example, some of the records are not up to date, and not all journals provide important metadata like acceptance rates, IF (if available), and circulation statistics.	0
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
CONTACT Ramphul Ohlan ramphul.ramphul@gmail.com Institute of Management Studies and Research, Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak, Haryana, India.	0
Since one of the core elements of EDCTP is to promote collaborative research, the association between highly collaborative research and high citation supports the inference that the partnership plays an important role in promoting sub-Saharan African leadership in PRDs research.	1
The fact that a comprehensive scanning process with the addition of journal and reference-based stages were per- formed in our analysis can be seen as the strongest feature of the study.	1
This included publications from before the scholars' time working at our institution.	0
Our data raise several interesting points regarding a new era of resident research.	1
The motivations for this line of research is rather cultural and pedagogical, whereas technological benefits are only conceivable on a longer time-scale.	0
Funding panels are more likely to give European Union early-career grants to applicants connected to the institutions of some of the panellists, a study of the 2014 funding round suggests.	1
However, no analysis of his academic outcomes has been produced in terms of bibliometrics, networks and data mining tools up until this article.	1
The bold number represents progress scores, and the black number represents attractiveness scores.	0
672 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-March 2016	0
This study is unique on the Indian research output related to water quality and treatment during the period 1986–2015.	1
Additional services and information for Social Science Computer Review can be found at:	0
The study represents the first detailed scientometric analysis and visualization of research quality and quantity on pancreatitis, using established scientometric tools and the method of density-equalizing mapping.	1
The CIMMYT, with its headquarters in Mexico, is hosted by a number of developing countries.	0
2 Median number of citations of funded versus normal research in 7 core LIS journals	0
Received: 19 August 2021 / Accepted: 16 May 2022 / Published online: 18 June 2022	0
To address this, a simple and viable way to accommodate for constant and limitless updates to an academic paper, including errata and editorial notes, is through a traceable double DOI-based “publication history” that can be indexed (Teixeira da Silva and Nazarovets, 2022).	1
We thank the anonymous referees for their critical review of this paper.	0
Despite the fact that a taxonomy such as the presented in this work has not been extensively applied to the study of interdisciplinarity, it is possible to extract conclusions related to its potential usefulness given the fact that a large corpus of previous research does exist on the topic of IDR.	1
Downloaded from idv.sagepub.com at TEXAS SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY on November 24, 2014	0
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
To cite this document: Xingchen Li, Qiang Wu, Nan Zhang, (2017) "Citation personal display: A case study of personal websites by physicists in 11 well-known universities", Journal of Documentation, Vol.	0
The scientometric bubble is unethical and harmful for science.	1
FIGURE 1: Number of papers published by Chinese business school on UTD24 from 2000–2018.	0
Keywords Orthopedics · Publication research · China · Impact factor · Journal citation reports	0
Average number of article equivalents during the period 1989-91, by age of children.	0
The possible marginal contributions of this paper include: Firstly, it expands the research boundary of the new-quality productivity theory.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Thus, even narrow field differences can impact on the relative value of Mendeley compared to citation counts.	1
This article may be accessed for personal use at no charge through the Journal Web site, www.anesthesiology.org.	0
Finally, we contribute by offering detailed insights with regard to theories and methods which impact upon prior studies.	1
Colorectal Disease 2013 The Association of Coloproctology of Great Britain and Ireland.	0
Citation snippets is a unique feature of RISC comparing with Web of Science, Scopus or Google Scholar.	1
The visualization of the table can be seen in Figure 1.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In their interpretation, the team's joint human capital - understood as team members' knowledge heterogeneity - led to the creation of social capital.	0
The study makes three contributions to the literature.	1
An endorsement schema was developed as language was highly variable.	1
Such a picture would test our assumptions and might force a rethink of what we believe happens in the research base.	0
Little is known about research productivity and the contribution of the KSA to global research.	0
1 Evolution of the total number of papers in Physics indexed in Wos: South Korea (grey triangles), Spain (black squares) and Brazil (grey diamonds)	0
It discovers topics that cannot be recognized by simple fusion.	1
This study considers a set of peripheral factors related to the author-selected keywords of journal articles for examining variances in their citation counts.	1
Conflict of Interest: The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.	0
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/387103328	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The research fronts are identified based on indicators computed by CiteSpace without the intervention of domain experts or prior working knowledge of the topic.	1
52 Rating Pakistani medical journals, Midrar Ullah & Idrees Farooq Butt	0
We address these hypotheses with a transversal and a longitudinal studies in the following sections.	0
To our knowledge, no previous reports exist analyzing the bibliometrics of the pediatric RT literature.	1
In addition, no other studies have previously examined group authorships in Cochrane, making this study the first of its kind.	1
This is the first study to analyze RCR metrics with regards to a specific academic medical field.	1
As far as we know, this is the first study that mathematically models the evolution of productivity and multidisciplinarity of a research institution in the context of its organizational transitions.	1
Our current findings will also prove very valuable for researchers to help them in selecting which date to consider for their analysis and what impact these dates can have on their research, e.g., see Moed (2005).	1
Figure 1: Proportion of articles available in OA (by province, 2015-2019).	0
Received: 14 June 2022 Revised: 24 December 2023 Accepted: 26 January 2024	0
We thank Rebecca Ferrell for helpful comments on an advance copy of this manuscript.	0
This resulted in 20 journals devoted to general radiology (Table 1).	0
Let us begin with a definition: 'A scholarly book review is defined as a book review published in a disciplinary journal or a general academic journal, written by a member of the academic profession.'8	0
The model gives conditions under which inferior paradigms prevail when they are in contest with better ones.	1
Additionally, using the combination of the number of citations, citation rate, and impact factor to determine influence provides a more comprehensive assessment of individual PBs.	1
In some cases the C5 maps have been labeled to show the co-citation thresholds at which the C4 clusters were formed to assist in understanding the changes from year to year.	0
This research contributes to the existing scientific literature on the collection of consumers’ personal data from social networks.	1
Our findings add to the previous studies which establish the overall value of the library to the academic endeavor.	1
Drawing on the co-authorship network and cultural diversity literature, we attempt to make a contribution that goes beyond the existing research by addressing underexplored areas, namely, the network diversity of institutions, authors, and countries engaged in Hofstede-inspired research.	1
For the analysis of international collaboration, we apply a recently developed refinement of the measurement of collaboration intensity (Fuchs et al., 2021) along with a new indicator that measures the balance in the collaboration profile of a country over time (Rousseau et al., 2023).	1
An article was coded as part of one of these five categories on the basis of its argumentation.	0
/8/ Todorov R.: Scientometrics 5 (1983) No.5, 291-301; 6 (1984) No.2, 127-138;7(1985) No.3-6.	0
* Overall ranking of the participants among the top 63 Kurdologists.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Once the quality and unobserved characteristics of the graduating (and, indirectly, the current) institution are controlled for via fixed-effects, we show how personal and academic variables explain differences in productivity within universities and fields of studies and across fields of research.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Conservation science is a crisis discipline in which the results of scientific enquiry must be made available quickly to those implementing management.	1
However, despite suggestions that these are becoming irrelevant in the age of Web 2.0 and are defending an outdated and exploitative business model, we suggest that academic publishers may play an ongoing role as innovation intermediaries (Howells, 2006; Stewart and Hyysalo, 2008) through their access to a unique set of resources to shape innovation and use, providing the scholarly community with opportunities to use and learn about Web 2.0.	1
The group of deleted citations represented a small percentage of the total citations.	0
Third, by deriving an explicit formula to calculate the contribution of each field to the bias of a ranking, we find that the these contributions assume a broad range of values.	1
The operational definitions of the eight citation functions in the matrix are as follow:	0
The study was defined as a review if the article focused on summarizing and discussing basic and clinical findings related to dentistry.	0
Similarly, it is potential and valuable to introduce full-text analysis to usage metrics.	1
For this hypothetical example the calculations are performed as in Table 3.	0
As is customary we take a in the form 2 1/d, where d indicates the doubling time of a particular discipline.	0
Fifty years back in time, few scientists used computers to conduct their research.	0
As such, our study may be among the first large-scale empirical tests of Fleck's (1979) theory of thought collectives and thought styles as a plausible explanation for the effects of latent topic structure and rhetorical signals on scientific impact.	1
Note that this time we use a semi-log (linear-log) data representation, and for this reason Figure 2 is not a typical Zipfian plot.	0
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
The following section shows the statistics of the extracted database and the result of correlation test between the independent variables (i.e., the collaboration types) and the dependent variable (i.e., publication impact).	0
This research aims to contribute to knowledge regarding behaviours and attitudes towards open access publishing amongst medical and health care academics in Korea.	1
This article follows a (partly) longitudinal comparison report (Elsevier, 2017) with more recent data, a different set of countries, a more robust field weighted citation indicator, finer-grained results, statistical evidence, and information about the whole distribution of citations (relevant to the hypothesized influence of highly-cited articles).	1
Then one can apply the well-known 'linearization method' (see Ref8, p.	0
This study provides a broader perspective on the dynamics of breast cancer research in the field of nursing and may contribute to planning and creating new collaborations.	1
Acknowledgements This work was supported by the Project of Philosophy and Social Science in Zhejiang (No.	0
However, to our knowledge, no bibliometric studies have been carried out on cardiac troponin as specifically linked to the field of sports science in pediatric populations.	1
This is a lesson we should learn before introducing post-publication review as a common practice in scientific publishing in substitution of traditional pre-publication peer review.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=iocc20	0
The assessment indicators are described in Sections 3-7, where the correlations among them are also analyzed.	0
Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2013.01.004.	0
One of the main problems in using ISI data for evaluations is that address data has not been standardised	0
Credits allocated to the fourth-ranked author with different author numbers by the (blue): arithmetic counting, (red): axiomatic counting, (yellow): geometric counting, and (orange): adaptive geometric counting method.	0
It provides insights into the extent to which there is shared understanding of what constitutes originality in the domain of tourism research.	1
design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Now, the availability of usage data on the Web of Science platform provides a kind of brand new and all-around data source for us to explore the usage metrics.	1
The social network that emerged was characterised by one giant component including 37,313 authors (in which 175 of the 452 African authors were located) and a large number of disconnected dyads and groups of 10 or less authors (including 14,321 authors of whom 277 were African).	0
As reported above, we had independently selected reviewers reevaluate 50 proposals in each of three NSF programs (Cole and Cole 1981).	0
Contrary to our expectations respondents who read more papers participate in more social media tools and create more tools.	1
The methodology proposed and adopted in this study is a promising approach to comprehend this rapidly growing research field and global collaboration structure there.	1
The contribution of this paper is that this is the first attempt to evaluate the impact factors of Korean journal papers and improve the accuracy of impact factors as a metric to evaluate contributions of published papers in Korea.	1
The results contribute to the ongoing debate of narrowing of science.	1
Vibeke Langer is an Associate Professor in the Department of Agricultural Sciences, The Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University, Denmark.	0
We propose additional metrics based on transparency rather than top-down criteria and sanctions.	1
See Section 2 for more information on which journal issues were analyzed.	0
Each panel deals with one group of disciplines: the biological sciences; the mathematical, physical and chemical sciences; engineering, earth and applied sciences; and the humanities and social sciences.	0
By inspection of the original contributions one can see that the keyword 'culture' is devoted to general considerations of cultural aspects, while the latter keywords deal with research and cultural management.	0
This is one of the initial empirical analyses of the role of books in academic knowledge dissemination in social sciences in countries with a common social, historical, and cultural background.	1
Despite these limitations, the survey provides new and valid information on the range of users as well as the language and age of articles they visited.	1
Third, this study empirically evaluates knowledge popularity by investigating the relationships between various kinds of contextual information of knowledge from the perspective of a heterogeneous network.	1
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
This insight led us to develop a tool called SPACE that institutions can use to gauge and develop their ability to support new approaches to assessment that are in line with their mission and values (Hatch and Schmidt, 2021).	1
4 The curious reader may start from the obvious place—Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer_ review_failure, retrieved on 10 Jan 2013 - for an amusing tale about trapezia.	0
This finding is important as it improves the existing peer review process by utilizing not only the mean value of peer reviews, but also their standard deviation.	1
Moreover, this is the only longitudinal study using the h-classic method to assess the sample size.	1
We show that citation performance of articles that use different keywords are different.	1
This study in turn triggered a specific analysis on the scientific production of civil societies organizations (Lopez-Olmedo et al.	0
Acknowledgements Funding was provided by Unitatea Executiva pentru Finantarea Invatamantului Superior, a Cercetarii, Dezvoltarii si Inovarii (Grant No.	0
Ethical approval Not required (under Swiss law, informed consent is required when collecting personal health data, not when collecting bibliometric data).	0
Based on these considerations, we hypothesize that cultural distance is associated with praise, leading to our first hypothesis:	0
The Estimation Result of the Influence of the Leading Role, Gender, Age Group, and Region on Adjusted Productivity with Full Data (a), and Data Have Eliminated the Outliers (b).	0
A detailed study of this group as a "case series" may provide valuable clues to their success in a highly competitive climate.	1
Any errors, misinterpretations, or omissions in this analysis are the author’s alone.	0
This section will address how the groups narrate their “ethos" and the interest that is shared, i.e., how the epistemic field is defined.	0
Median domain inlink counts show little relationship to RAE averages for the 111 UK universities.	0
The first is the cognitive mechanism of embodied metaphor and, more specifically, the league table metaphor that I will develop in this section.	1
Apart from a few bibliometrical studies the South African scientific system is a scantly researched area and asking for more empirical evidence.	1
Central Research Institute for Chemistry, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary	0
We demonstrated that a 60-min lecture, designed to holistically tackle the concept of predatory journals, is extremely potent as it significantly improves the knowledge, attitudes, and practices of researchers towards predatory publishers.	1
Susann deVries is Instructor, Robert Kelly is Assistant Professor and Pamela M.	0
College of Global Business, Korea University Sejong Campus, 2511 Sejong-ro, Sejong 30019, Republic of Korea	0
Unlike previous research, this investigation shows no clear evidence of a distinction between the journals of greatest importance to scholars and those of greatest importance to practitioners.	1
In conclusion, this project attempted to address the deficit in cost-benefit awareness of the FRO research-funding process.	1
The lack of studies of the relationship between academic inbreeding and research performance in law schools outside the US is a gap this study addresses.	1
This is a modern and innovative data representation and is better than the traditional static-image display [54].	1
Evaluation is, of course, a central feature in the dynamic process of constructing science.	0
Received: 3 December 2008 / Accepted: 3 June 2009 / Published online: 24 June 2009	0
Department of Information Resources Management, School of Public Affairs, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China	0
Main interests are the History of Economic Thought, Political Economy and Economic Sociology.	0
To overcome these issues, we propose the in-group approach.	1
We have compared the 2-year and 5-year impact factors (IFs), normalized impact factors (NIFs) and rank normalized impact factors (RNIFs) of open access (OA) and subscription journals across the 22 major fields delineated in Essential Science Indicators.	1
But we do hope that our study reinforces previous studies and pushes for use of a better metric or set of metrics that captures paper importance that reflects objective analyses (usage of the paper through citation rates and implementation of its findings outside of the research lab) as well as the more subjective point-of-view of active researchers.	1
Within the green OA category, publishers have adopted a wide range of copyright and self-archiving policies.	0
We are grateful to editors and anonymous reviewers for their helpful and valuable comments on our work.	0
The analysis thus suggests that citations form a poor basis for measuring institutional research quality, but could form a good basis for measuring strength.	1
Moreover, this work also evaluates how versioning, as a significant yet overlooked attribute of information resources, influenced the citation patterns of citable objects, which will contribute to more material-oriented scientific infrastructures.	1
Such a reader uses the reference list of manuscripts to approach the background literature for a study already determined to be interesting.	0
The analysis was performed on disciplinary co-authorship networks of Slovenian researchers in two time periods (1991–2000 and 2001–2010).	1
We have constructed and tested a persistence variable that bridges the opposing effects of the two potential explanations concerning the financial performance relationship that might exist.	1
The advantage of this approach is that the citation context could reveal the citation value of a reference.	1
Herein, we evaluate the use of a new field-normalized article-level metric developed by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), known as the relative citation ratio (RCR), among American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons (ASES) fellowship faculty and analyzed physician factors associated with RCR values.	1
Li Tang greatly assisted in the organization and conduct of field research.	0
4Section 4 discusses a way to optimize the parameter selection for each model.	0
We also investigated the research abstracts for their inclusion of product move.	0
This study has also measured forecast accuracy of growth in scientific research using hundreds of thousands of events, a scale which has never before been attempted, much less achieved.	1
Table 1 Funding of publications according to article type and journal	0
However, none of them has studied these references comparing their use in different categories, information which could be of great help for specialized librarians.	1
Department of Information Science, School of Library and Informational Science, University of Missouri- Columbia, Columbia, MO 65211, U.S.A.	0
The main reason to exclude Mendeley is that Altmetric.com only collects readership data when other altmetric indicators have been detected (e.g., Twitter, mentions in blogs, etc.);	0
The highlighted cells show the greatest deviations between the corresponding values in Table 4 and Table 5 (either that the expected frequencies are higher than the observed or the other way round).	0
However, few investigations have been performed to provide a macroscopic overview of the overall structure and developing trends in disaster medicine using bibliometrics and information visualization technology, which motivate the present study.	1
In this pioneering study, more than 9000 scientists from eight societies the United States, the United Kingdom, India, Italy, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Turkey, and France were surveyed to gauge scientists' attitudes and experiences.	1
In a sense, this novel methodology helps to normalize the biases that limit the other two ranking methodologies.	1
Our findings contribute, first, by examining macro-meso-micro levels of collaborations in Europe and by linking them to the value of novelty in scholarly activities.	1
The accuracy of any instructions, formulae, and drug doses should be independently verified with primary sources.	0
I explore a different goal for computational models of scientific communities: providing predictive information about real-world communities, thus acting as a tool for informing policy decisions.	1
Following the brief introduction, Section 2 describes the database selection criteria, data collection, and method of the study.	0
Note that this threshold was computed for each year, as publication habits (and average production) have evolved over time.	0
The aim of this work is also to propose methodological approaches for studying uncertainty in scientific communication.	1
The search strategy is as follows, and is provided in Figure 1.	0
Dangzhi Zhao is an Assistant Professor at the School of Library and Information Studies of the University of Alberta, Canada.	0
Keywords: internationality, local journals, Spanish scholarly journals, journal evaluation, communication sciences	0
2017) and social entrepreneurship (Rey-Martí, Ribeiro-Soriano and Palacios-Marqués 2016), there are no recent bibliometric analyses about sport entrepreneurship.	1
In addition, we were limited in our ability to assess whether the results of successful grants also led to meaningful clinical advances during the last decade, which is an important metric beyond publications, presentations, and extramural funding.	0
The top eight percent: development of approved and rejected applicants for a prestigious grant in Sweden	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-023-04669-7) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Neither has there been a comprehensive comparison between international journals and Chinese journals.	1
Third, while not perfect, our matching of PIs on pre-grant citation impact and publication rates, academic age, discipline, funding amount, type of grant, and funding organization, has likely eliminated important confounding in the cross-group comparisons.	1
*Normalized citation counts and positive citation attitude are merged together because they yielded identical ranking results.	0
It should be noted however, that a term maps represents a simplified version of reality and this can lead to loss of information and to a partial representation of the investigated field.	0
Our analysis goes one level deeper, the institutional level, and, using the DiD methodology, we conduct a more rigorous analysis of the effect of research funding.	1
The stereotype of the multi-authored Digital Humanities paper is well known but has not, until now, been empirically investigated.	1
While the creation of group Google Scholar profiles has been described in guides online as early as 2013 [7], this is the first report that we are aware of in the published literature that demonstrates the potential and versatility of this innovation.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The aim of this study was to identify the 100 top-cited articles in endodontics by scanning a much larger group of journals than in Fardi et al.	1
As indicated in the Background the findings are likely to have been similar if self-citations had been excluded.	0
In the fifth part of the paper, we present the results from the robustness checks.	0
This is well documented in the literature for other science fields, but this is the first study to show the effect for dental articles.	1
However, to date, to our knowledge no research appears to have been conducted in understanding the relation of author-selected keyword characteristics with citation counts.	1
The equations are longer, but the calculation is straightforward (Dufour & Roy, 1986; Huber, 2000b).	0
A control method is proposed for the construction of a quality assessment of scientific and technical documents in natural languages based on the formalization of the perceptions of a document's content-related context.	1
Key implications for the use of social media metrics on the evaluation of research performance (e.g.	1
The data and analyses are stored securely and are available from the corresponding author upon reasonable request, in compliance with ethical standards and data protection regulations.	0
2020), and the field that deals with this systematic analysis is called bibliometric.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
See below for a comparison of our methods and results with those of loannidis et al.	0
The application of our approach is therefore not limited to patent assignees only.	0
Keywords Scientific paper · Citation impact prediction · Feature space · Multiple regression	0
We developed a network metric-based framework comprising scale, equality, efficiency, and resilience to reveal the endogenous processes of knowledge developments.	1
Acknowledgments The authors thank three anonymous reviewers for their intuitive and insightful comments.	0
Sites returned by the three search engines compared (r=0.66, 0.69, 0.81).	0
We operationalise these various claims into an empirically testable framework of stylised facts allowing us to determine whether the humanities are structurally less useful than the sciences.	1
(Author affiliations can be found at the end of the article.)	0
There were two possible contributions made by this study.	1
This paper presents a methodology that could be used for a single bibliometric analysis across multiple databases.	1
However, thematic difference between altmetrics and bibliometrics structurally and contextually is unknown.	1
Moving beyond a focus on citations and patents as measures of scientific progress, we propose a survey to define a wider set of indicators that program officers and advisory committees could use to make interim assessments of Big Science programs and their in-progress research.	1
Of course, the relationship between Impact Factor and quality of research is complex but the dominance of this measure in the mindsets of universities will be well known to readers of this journal.	0
The first author acknowledges the support of the John Metcalfe Visitor's Grant awarded to Dr.	0
It appears to be complicated to distinguish the characteristics or indicators of the quality of individual books by using those relating to publishers, and therefore the questionnaire collects both aspects.	0
So then, what factors may govern an individual researcher's decision on whether or not they display bibliometric indicators?	1
With an increase in studies of actors' collaborative activities on their performance very few have examined the role of the structural influence of actors on their cohorts' performance.	1
We thank Daniel Salsbury for providing us with data and Carl Bergstrom, Simon Levin, Martin Nowak, and Randy Schekman for helpful thoughts and suggestions.	0
The most extreme example in the study is the Harvard Educational Review in which authors identified with the home institution had published 17 articles over the 7-year period, while the second and third most published institutions had 3.5 and 3.0 articles in the Review in the same period.	0
Considering the importance of Webometric Ranking as an important aspect of a quantitative study on the use of information resources, Structures and Web technologies and in portraying informatics and bibliometric approaches, the present study was conducted for the purpose of evaluating and improving the growth and Webometric rankings of the country's medical universities web sites in order to attain a complete vision of the status of science and research in the domain of health at the national level and to attest the degree of their presence and success in this field.	1
Number of preprints by servers (data accessed on 3 March 2020).	0
Collection of data in studies of multiple authorship is not a difficult problem, as the bibliographic data containing the names of all the authors and the authors' institutional affiliations offer an unobtrusive indicator for the study.	0
We provide a system-level account of science using a near-complete population of US doctorate recipients (~1.2 million) where we identify scientific innovations (14–19) and analyze the rates at which different demographic groups relate scientific concepts in novel ways, the extent to which those novel conceptual relations get taken up by other scholars, how “distal” those linkages are (14), and the subsequent returns they have to scientific careers.	1
The bibliometric analysis of a specific journal is important as it provides insight that goes far beyond the scope of the journal [1?4].	1
This study was made possible as a result of funding obtained from the Ministry of Higher Education, Malaysia and the University of Malaya, FP0561/2006A and FS250/2008B, which resulted in the development of MyaIS, the information system that provided the data for this study	0
Dendrogram of LIS journals based on article title terms similarity index.	0
All the statistical and diversity analyses mentioned in this section were conducted using PAST V 4.03 free software (Hammer et al.	0
The study presents a new approach for constructing an epistemological coordinate system that locates individual researchers within the disciplinary landscape of science.	1
This was a helpful clarification though it ignored Bradford's 'nucleus' and so was incomplete.	0
Access provided at 7 Jan 2020 04:09 GMT from Queen Mary University of London (+1 other institution account)	0
This paper provides the first estimates of these costs based on a novel administrative dataset of targeted funding at the world's largest scientific agency, the US National Institutes of Health (NIH).	1
This section contains a brief review of the relevant literature in the areas of interdisciplinary interaction, citation analysis, topic models, word embedding, and mixed bibliometric methods.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0144-3577.htm	0
Then, we examined the moderating effect of discipline on the effects of implementing the tenure track.	1
In the “Con- clusions" section, our major findings and results are emphasised and concluded upon.	0
Historiograph of 33 most-cited works in the collection of papers citing Price from 1956 to 2006.	0
The bidirectional change in publication numbers since 2008 constitutes a milestone in the development of EM in Taiwan, and improvements are evident in the quality, quantity, and breadth of research.	1
This is the first study to evaluate quantitative outcomes of the on-going Danish pre-graduate research programme.	1
Partial survey responses were excluded, but those answering Prefer not to answer were not considered incomplete responses.	0
Where:Y: is the variable that represents economic growth,F: is the variable that represents the research output,X: is the matrix of all control variables and u is the error term.	0
Received March 2, 2008; final revision received June 10, 2008; accepted June 16, 2008.	0
To the best of our knowledge, these claims were uncited, and no quantitative studies were carried out in the scholarly literature to support them.	1
The present findings contribute to establishing women's profile in the ERC and determining whether the Council is successfully rising to the respective challenges.	1
The reported h-index and g-index information is based on the Publish or Perish software (http:// www.harzing.com/pop.htm).	0
b Journal at the 25th percentile of that particular science category.	0
One potential effect that has not been given considerable thought is the effect that a highly-cited paper might have on the papers that surround it within a journal issue.	1
This research provides evidence of the gender gap in authorship of the top-cited articles in tourism and hospitality and the gendered nature of citation practices.	1
Wittlin pointed out to us the possible reason why the complete 1950 issues of the ZhETF are missing in the Western literature databases.	0
In addition, to the best of our knowledge, there is a lack of studies that address the influence of these factors in each scientific domain from a comparative perspective.	1
The RCR is a publication-level metric that improves on popular author-level citation indices such as the h-index [13] by utilizing the cocitation network of a particular article to normalize its impact to that of others in its field and compares the impact of a particular article against that of NIH-funded publications [13].	1
Second, this is the first study to investigate publication pressure across academic ranks and disciplinary fields.	1
2008 ASIS&T Published online 7 April 2008 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
This bibliometric analysis of supercritical CO2 extraction research in essential oils offers several notable strengths.	1
A semantic linkage technique implemented in RIS opens for scientists a new dimension for scientific creativity.	1
E. Garfield for his helpful comments and suggestions, and the anonymous reviewers for some enlightening points.	0
Defining the unit of coding is one of the most important things to take into consideration (Weber 1990).	0
However, the model of 'associated-sleeping-beauties' based on the model of ‘swan-groups’ we propose in this paper can be a new approach to explore and identify ‘sleeping beauties’.	1
Various factors affect outcomes of scientific teamwork, including the team size (i.e., the number of authors of a paper) (Wuchty et al., 2007; Wu et al., 2019), internationality (i.e., the number of countries involved in a paper) (Hsiehchen et al., 2015; Coccia and Wang, 2016), ethnic diversity (i.e., the number of ethnicities involved in a paper) (AlShebli et al., 2018), interdisciplinarity (i.e., the number of disciplines of authors involved in a paper) (Van Noorden, 2015; Lariviére et al., 2015), and team freshness (i.e., fraction of authors who have not collaborated with others before) (Zeng et al., 2021).	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This is not the first attempt to articulate best practice recommendations for peer review (see Turner, 2003); we hope to move the conversation forward with timely and up-to-date recommendations.	1
This note establishes an axiomatization of the Hirsch-index by means of a self-consistency property.	1
The present work indicates that SIR is a strategic data source, giving subsidies and new insights to ongoing discussions on research impact and their determinants.	1
Downloaded from ssc.sagepub.com at Bobst Library, New York University on April 13, 2015	0
In conclusion, the result analysis by this innovative approach can help relevant researchers map the global laparoscopy research, and establish the further research direction.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
The current work complements previous studies and provides the following new elements for the analysis of Mexican scientific production: (1) the increase of members in the National Researchers System (NRS, SNI in Spanish) and its relation to the rise of Mexican output indexed by WoS and Scopus; (2) the evolution of national and institutional productivity and the visibility of published papers; (3) the multiparametric characterization of universities bibliometric performance through the application of Self-Organizing Maps based on neural networks (Kohonen 2001) and advanced scientometric indicators.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study about predatory publishing in radiology.	1
However, research so far has mainly explored the efficacy of monetary rewards, while research on non-monetary rewards is barely absent.	1
Barring a few, the problems is that limited number of papers is currently being published in these journals.	0
Division for Science and Innovation Studies, Administrative Headquarters of the Max Planck Society, Hofgartenstr.	0
All discipline dummies are relative to the Agriculture and Environment category.	0
Through this research, we would like to be part of those researches trying to satisfy this demandby adopting biblio metric analysis.	1
Review is a very effective way of learning, but we should refrain from requiring a scholar to excessively increase their peer-review workload to gain more review experience to improve their competence as a reviewer.	0
This paper provides strong empirical evidence to explain the relationship between physical co-location and the likelihood of scholarly collaboration—which is fundamental to successful scientific collaboration today.	1
The value-added of the method presented arises from its universal application.	1
TABLE 5: Size, Circulation, and Impact Factor of Journals That Published Rejected AJR Manuscripts	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-0473.htm	0
First, through a well-defined review we studied the relevant document to the women in health research in Iran.	1
5 Department of Dental Medicine, University Hospital Center Zagreb, Zagreb, Croatia.	0
A review of the literature showed that previous studies have mainly focused on articles of specific publications (17-19), or researchers of a certain country (6) or specific method (8).	1
A quick look at the bibliographies of a half dozen books about Canadian politics left me further perplexed.	0
Table 3 JIF of papers with Australian orthopaedic surgeons and trainees as authors	0
Published under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) license.	0
Her most recent work is published in Review of Public Personnel Administration, Research Policy, Public Administration, The Social Science Journal among others.	0
Such knowledge or clearer picture of scholarship in an area also will empower librarians to provide reference services in a more concrete, proactive, and inspiring manner.	0
This work was supported by Taftie, the European Association of National Innovation Agencies.	0
Thanks to Anthony Watkinson who saw the importance of doing this study.	0
It is interesting to emphasize that the excess citations of the papers comprising the h-core account for 91.84 percent of the total residual citations.	0
English skills of Brazilian researchers in the CNPq database who published between 2001 and 2004.	0
There is a lot of research on “sleeping beauties” and “flashes in the pan” literature identification studies (Li and Ye 2012; Li et al.	0
The period over which citations are collected may change (the whole career of a scientist or a given period of time), and of course, instead of scientists, publications and citations one may consider different conglomerates (Rousseau, 2005), sources and items produced by these sources.	0
We contribute to scholarship on personality and productivity by showing not only that personality matters, but when and for whom.	1
Using V-index and g-index, a framework to determine the type and important a actor's profile at the time of analysis is devised.	1
This research extends the problem-solving perspective of the knowledge-based view by examining the interdisciplinary publication outcomes of individual scientists in hybrid organizations.	1
We have described altmetrics and provided a snapshot of HPE research dissemination via altmetrics channels, which represent potential avenues for future research.	1
After some vicissitudes the business was trans-ferred to Silvertown, where the British Alizarine Company carries on a large and successful manu-facture of alizarine dyes.	0
The aim of this manuscript was, therefore, to provide a first comparative overview of the currently valid requirements for becoming an adjunct professor (apl.	1
Keywords: Research performance; Engineering research; Publication productivity; h indices; Citation analysis; Scientometrics assessment.	0
In spite of its unique contribution in studying Google Scholar citations on a longitudinal basis, our study has a number of limitations that provide useful suggestions for further research.	1
The surveys provided a unique opportunity to compare perceptions, motivations, and behaviors of researchers at the discipline level with the parent metadiscipline.	1
Zhenglu Yu1 · Zheng Ma1 · Haiyan Wang1 · Jia Jia1 · Lu Wang1	0
If the pattern were once appropriate, it appears less and less so every day.	0
The manuscript is important to Research Evaluation for the following reasons: first, it reconstructs the different types of notions of quality, which are crucial in better understanding peer review and other qualitative research evaluation practices; second, it provides better understanding of individual evaluator's premises; third, it provides opportunity to have a glimpse beyond dominant administrative quality notions and criteria as usually the perspectives of the humanities researchers are neglected.	1
Here, Ω is a normalization constant that ensures that ∫01f(r)dr = 1.	0
Unlike the h-index, HCP as a relative indicator does not underestimate researchers with shorter or interrupted research careers and does not depend on research fields.	1
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare no potential conflict concerning this article’s research, authorship, and publication.	0
To the best of my knowledge, no analysis of funding acknowledgments found in scientific publications has been conducted to better understand the structure and the trends of scientific funding for this specific region.	1
Table 2 Journals included in the study, with the percentage of articles contributed by the top 50 authors listed in Table 4	0
aThese columns refer to average minimum maximum and median value of the difference between the number of authors and inventors in each PPP.	0
While large universities have the resources for entire departments devoted to bibliometrics, the authors of this article give strategies for faculty publishing support at a smaller liberal arts university.	1
Table 6: STI thematic areas showing productivity measured by the H-index & G-index.	0
This was not aimed at lowering the bar for getting accepted, because the ultimate decision on acceptance of the papers was made by the editor-in-chief of the journal, not the subject editors.	0
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Claudia Raibulet	0
It will also apply content analysis to understand the ways in which federal statistics are incorporated into scholarly studies, i.e.	1
Our study can give a historical perspective on the scientific progress of allergy, as well as provide important insights into priorities and trends of allergy and could serve as sources for future studies.	1
A full description of the 1992 RAE exercise and reactions to it has recently been published [12].	0
This is a bias that works in favour of B and works against A.	0
Though multidisciplinary journals have been profusely analyzed in the scientific bibliometric literature, most research has been focused on very specific issues or only on a few top journals [2, 3, 6].	1
These two journals should continue to be the leaders of nuclear medicine journals in the future.	0
Our study widens the lens with which representation is examined in IPBES to include other aspects of cultural diversity, such as language (Note S1).	1
Because there is no documented study addressing the benefits and disadvantages of VR technology and its incidence to date, the research is considered anecdotal at this time.	1
I propose an overall productivity index for actors in science and technology like authors, inventors, journals, assignees, etc., namely the -index.	1
1 Amsterdam School of Communication Research (ASCoR), University of Amsterdam, P.O.	0
3 Share of total number of articles as measured by keywords	0
We suggest three key steps for authors to consider when assessing the role of grey literature in their reviews.	1
They were also included in the study making the total articles to 982.	0
The particular organisation of this allocation procedure allows us to go further and design an even more stringent identification strategy.	1
The author wishes to thank: the CNR, National Research Council of Italy, for the Short Term Mobility grant which allowed him a Visiting Professorship at the University of Toronto—Munk School of Global Affairs; Prof.	0
Received: 22 June 2022; Accepted: 13 October 2022; Published online: 11 November 2022	0
Such a section has both high transitivity as well as a large coupling strength.	0
We develop an empirically driven parallel experiment framework that analyzes interactions between JIF and submission and citation rules (see Section 2)	1
The platform can be a useful first step towards the development of a comprehensive listing of Indian institutions and their research activity as no such listing is yet available.	1
3 More information about the Academic Excellence Survey can be accessed via http://www.shanghairanking.com/activities/aes.	0
Although still in its beta version, Google Scholar appears to offer greater access to relevant, citeable content in the social sciences relative to Thomson ISI.	0
Keywords: R&D management; interdisciplinary research; research collaboration; research assessment; portfolio management; co-citation analysis.	0
Moving aside from previous research, the focus of our research lies in addressing a significant literature gap within the FDI and renewable energy debate, with particular attention to the utilization ratio of the latter resulting from changes in the overall capital factor of the member countries of the European Union.	1
The current study explores how these commonly varying factors may provide more nuance to the explanatory power of h-Index by using empirical data from an entire population of doctoral tenure-track social work faculty at research-oriented universities.	1
Finally, the strategy used in this work allows us to make a diagnostic of the strengths and weaknesses of bioinformatics research development that can be applied in other countries.	1
Agreement, as a function of the respondents' jury experience, that peer review is flawed and that randomization may be an alternative (percentages)	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
The purpose of this study is to compare how the same source is cited by NS and SSH researchers in their publications.	1
Overall, our study serves as an 'archive' chronicling the course of the growth of the IS discipline over the past 20 years by offering IS scholars an intuitive tool for exploring the field's evolution.	1
Institutions and their authors behave in ways that they believe will maximize their RAE scores	0
1 Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research, 76139 Karlsruhe, Germany	0
In the next paragraphs after a very brief introduction to topic detection methods of analysis which are well known in the SR field, we deepen some key concepts of SNA.	0
The schematic in Figure 4(A) emphasizes the sequence of accomplishments as they might occur across a scientist's complex backdrop of career phases (grad student/postdoctoral fellow → assistant professor → tenured faculty).	0
This is one of the first studies that analyze the interaction effects of variables at the article-level within open access publications.	1
Instead of replacing keyword searching, the method's relatively high recall, higher precision, seemingly meaningful relevance ranks, and faster completion time—a matter of hours instead of a month or more for the traditional method—make it a potentially useful complement to text searching for systematic reviews.	1
Two possible limitations in our methodology should be noted here, although, for the reasons given below, we believe that our data still provides a reasonably accurate picture of the situation that would pertain if citation data was to be used as a PI in a future RAE.	0
Received July 16, 2012; revised October 6, 2012; accepted October 8, 2012	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
This study involved a systematic search and assessment of the literature only; it did not require ethics approval or consent to participate.	0
To our best knowledge, a collective measure to gauge team exploration strategy is not available in explicit terms.	1
This making our study differentiate from previous studies and offer fresh insights on dropout phenomenon.	1
I thus broaden the conceptual applicability of the concept of rent, by pointing out that credibility and reputation in academic science also make intangible assets that form the basis of a rentier model of value production and accumulation.	1
To our knowledge, this current analysis is the first to provide evidence that faculty author-sought copyediting is associated with a significant decrease in reference inaccuracy.	1
Career outcomes from yearlong medical and dental students’ research enrichment programs have not been well determined; therefore, the authors assessed career and research outcome data from a cohort of participants in the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Clinical Research Training Program (CRTP).	1
Findings from this work can be helpful for other scholars in establishing potential future research lines related to Industry 4.0 in Vietnam.	1
By virtue of the scale and scope of the present study, we have collected an unprecedented amount of data on the disciplinary importance and prioritisation of a large number of RI topics.	1
The creative contributions of this study include the development and validation of a new conceptual model that integrates factors of sustainability, comfort, and socialisation to influence train travel preferences.	1
This is partly due to objective reasons, which are discussed in [8–13].	0
In our article, we develop and sustain the proposition that an analysis of funders' views is imperative to understand the ways international research collaborations of unequally equipped participants are perceived, maintained, and sometimes reframed over time.	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The assignments were checked by a second researcher of our team, and disagreements were resolved by consensus.	0
Received 8 May 2018; Received in revised form 11 July 2019; Accepted 16 July 2019	0
Please cite this article as: Dartus J, et al, Rate of publication in predatory journals by orthopedic surgeons members of the French ortho- pedic and traumatology society (SOFCOT): A follow-up note, Orthop Traumatol Surg Res, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsr.2020.03.042	0
Table 3 shows the average shortest distance among the seven specialties.	0
In this study, we sought to add to the orthodontic literature by examining the characteristics and the fates of original articles submitted to the AJO-DO.	1
As was to be expected, there exists a clear correlation between the granularity and the coefficient of variation.	0
For academic groups, inspired by the foreign trade degree of dependence in international trade, a measurement named the foreign academic degree of dependence (FAD) is proposed to quantify the academic dependence among groups.	1
Section 2 provides a description of the bibliometric indicators used in the analysis.	0
We then proposed to use matched control groups to improve causal inference and illustrated that the inclusion of a synthetic control group in the statistical analysis helps to avoid methodological artifacts.	1
The overall results of this work may illuminate more endeavors on the collaboration network in other interdisciplinary fields.	1
Thus, the first major contribution of the present work is an assessment of the state of the art in merchandising scholarship which contributes to the development of the marketing discipline as a whole.	1
Keywords Scientometric indicators · Research project proposals · Ex post evaluation · Peer review systems · Conflict of interests	0
The total response rate for the follow-up survey for both groups of students was 55 percent, a proportion that is too low to garner authoritative results.	0
Catriona Byers digitized and remotely delivered archival records during the travel restrictions of the Covid-19 pandemic, and some interviewees shared uncatalogued materials, as well as further recollections and qualifications by email ahead of publication.	0
Our results provide both descriptive and prescriptive information about how titles are used in contemporary communication research and how titles predict subsequent citations.	1
If A was cited by B and B was cited by C, then A was the backward citation of B and C was the forward citation of B.	0
First, this study applies a multifactor performance measurement model that integrates Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) and its network variant (NDEA) to assess the operational efficiency of Taiwan's EV industry.	1
Table 2 Characteristics of contributors depending on position in the maps	0
In order to add behavioural realism to the model, we implemented a game-theoretic framework in an agent-based model (ABM), which allowed us to understand the sensitivity of aggregate outcomes to variation and heterogeneity of scientist behaviour (Thurner and Hanel 2011; Allesina 2012; Squazzoni and Gandelli 2012; Cabotà et al.	1
By covering 251 fine-grained subject areas and selecting universities for inclusion based on their performance in these areas, GRBS is able to shed light on variation within a single institution as well as to highlight the performance of universities with particular focused strengths.	1
While other studies have examined the reasons why mobile researchers leave their countries of origin, none have focused on the motivations for subsequent movements, although it has been observed that such flows are a consistent feature of scientific mobility (Newland 2009).	1
Although this study has several limitations in that only COVID-19-related papers in the LIS journal were investigated, we could experience the beginning of a change in the academic publishing ecosystem in the pandemic era.	1
3 Annual number of authors in the two communities (BD and AI)	0
The Dimensions API is a domain-specific language (DSL).	1
All content following this page was uploaded by ?erife y?lmaz on 23 June 2024.	0
Recent trends in otolaryngology literature reflect an increasing focus on education; however, this work is underfunded and often lacks high-quality evidence.	1
The linear regression model can be expressed as: MS = 0.42 * TS + 0.381 * TN + 0.057 * Ο + ε (Alexopoulos 2010)	0
We thank James Evans for his initial input and guidance, Vincent Larivière for support with data, Thyge Ryom Enggaard, Roberta Sinatra, and Rob Kitchin for their valuable suggestions, discussions, and comments, and the Copenhagen Center for Social Data Science (SODAS) for financial support.	0
I am indebted to Drs José Miguel Vela and Francisco Navarro as well as the anonymous referees for valuable comments and suggestions on the manuscript.	0
We thank Chris Dickman for access to library facilities at the University of Sydney, and Cissy Ballen and Justin McCann for completing some literature searches.	0
This study provides a first holistic view of the Mediterranean forest research that could be useful for researchers and policy makers as they may evaluate and analyze its historical evolution, as well as its structure and scientific production.	1
The scientists are abbreviated P1-P14 and F1-F5 as ranked from the highest (1) to the lowest (14) productivity within certain country.	0
A review of previous related literature shows some research limitations.	1
This led to unexpected insights that could not be found with predefined survey choices.	0
This limitation should be taken into account when interpreting a term map.	0
The proposed framework would fund people (Gilbert 2009) instead of funding projects.	1
In the next figure we have created a co-authorship map based on Scopus bibliographic data.	0
This study is not associated with any thesis or dissertation work.	0
A discussion and analysis of our findings are presented in "Results" section.	0
This would suggest that impact factor is relevant for German-speaking information professionals only if the publication language of the journal is German.	0
Lacasse (2011) RANKING DISCIPLINARY JOURNALS WITH THE GOOGLE SCHOLAR H-INDEX: A NEW TOOL FOR CONSTRUCTING CASES FOR TENURE, PROMOTION, AND OTHER PROFESSIONAL DECISIONS, Journal of Social Work Education, 47:3, 579-596	0
First, it generates new evidence of gendered academic practices in tourism research by investigating the gender differences in first and solo authorship and collaboration in tourism.	1
To the best of the authors' knowledge this is the first report of its kind, implementing this approach in the field of Periodontics and implant dentistry.	1
Our main goal is to solve the citation bias caused by different geographical locations of citations.	1
This work analyses reasons why innovations often face initial resistance considering psychological theories after introducing the objective of this study.	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
The variable hit is called the relative transition path and it measures the weighted coefficients δit in relation to the panel data so that an individual path is traced for each country i relative to the average panel data.	0
The bibliometric analysis results are presented in Section 3, followed by relevant illustrations and charts; Section 4 presents the results from the classification of LADM topics, while the last two sections are devoted to discussion and conclusions.	0
In this context, examining the relationship between interdisciplinary research and its technological impact can provide new and complementary evidence of the effect of science on technological innovation.	1
The mapping technique has been successfully extrapolated to create co-citation maps based on categories pruned by applying the Pathfinder algorithm proposed by Moya-Anegón et al. (2004), showing that social platforms can be used to offer an alternative vision of scientific knowledge.	1
In this study, we propose a pioneering methodology that deploys multiple models tailored to distinct research domains and integrates early citation data.	1
We take into account the productivity gains of parallelization by introducing a parallelization bonus that rewards cooperation—i.e., the possibility of parallel work—by multiplying the credit allocated to each coauthor.	1
All authors have materially participated in the research and article preparation.	0
The intent of this article is to present a novel theory of social impact of scholarly articles.	1
The authors would like to thank Chiara De Waure for her critical insights on the study design of our paper.	0
4 The swan groups of type III in physics and economics: (a) physics; (b) economics	0
This is the first study to identify and assess the characteristics of documents related to endometrial carcinoma.	1
For more details on this method, refer to Tang and Walsh (2010).	0
The coefficient of determination, r2 equals 17.47%, meaning that only 17.47% of the variance in publications is related to number of collaborative projects.	0
WEART & Gertrud Weiss SZILARD, MIT Press, Cambridge, Ma., 1978, p.	0
We seek to contribute to the study of the SNI by providing analysis tools aiming at reviewing research assessment policy inside this program.	1
The paper also deepens on the concept of trust as a replacement of impact, and projects the near future for the five studied countries regarding quantitative and qualitative intellectual production.	1
1Laboratory of Digital and Computational Demography, Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research (MPIDR), Rostock, Germany	0
The goal of this study is to shed light on the activity of paper mills using the example of one based in Russia to attempt to identify the fraudulent papers originating from these mills and to define a set of indicators of fraudulent papers.	1
Moreover, we extend their work in two ways.	1
These are all size-dependent or composite indicators of input and output1?3.	0
Due to the particular properties of the mathematical journals, the purpose of this article is (1) to analyse the properties of the mathematical publications and the consequences in research assessment; (2) to analyse the stability rate of the rank-normalized impact factor of mathematical journals, comparing it with the stability rate obtained for other lists of pure sciences: Applied Physics and Microbiology; and (3) finally, we propose an alternative index that we call 'mean cumulative impact factor' that better fits the special features of Mathematics.	1
Reviewers were supplied with the journal’s standard advice and asked to return their review within 3 weeks.	0
As this article demonstrates, university rankings and other performance indicators have been an organic part of Chinese science and higher education policy and a prominent element in state-directed national reform and development planning processes since at least the 1980s.	1
Here we show that proposal risks more strongly predicted reviewers' scores than proposal strengths based on mock proposal evaluations.	1
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing interests.	0
Received: 15 July 2015 | Accepted: 1 December 2015 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 17 February 2016	0
Such an analysis has never been conducted for this journal until today, guiding us to undertake this study.	1
No previous study has examined the possible contribution of the scientific committee model of research governance to scientific performance at the individual level of the scientist.	1
The most important study finding is the discrepancy between the assessment of collaborative readiness resulting from the objective analysis and from the focus-group interviews.	1
2011 ASIS&T Published online 28 July 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The copy-editors did not know that the study was being carried out.	0
This study shows that not only experienced researchers, but also researchers who publish papers with them have the advantage of the speed of publication.	1
The next section summarizes the current literature on sponsorship of academic research.	0
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain	0
Our study is relevant to policy makers in the area of research evaluation because it highlights potential changes in academic publishing behaviour by those being assessed.	1
Detailed information regarding the other publications is presented in table 1.	0
Shaheen Syed and Lia ní Aodha are co-first authors and contributed equally.	0
Particular attention is paid here to a targeted broad impact measurement: The aim is to discover the impact which a particular publication set has on specific user groups (outside research) by using altmetrics.	1
In the details of the administration of the focus groups, we followed the protocols and recommendations of Krueger (2000).	0
The present work aims to contribute in charting this as yet insufficiently explored territory by discussing a representative national reward program addressing individual scholars.	1
A P value <0.05 (with Bonferroni correction) was considered statistically significant.	0
An earlier version of this article was presented at 2011 annual meeting of the American Psychological Association in Washington, DC.	0
This article is the first effort to quantify the scholarly influence of published books, counting citations after five years of all political science books published in 2004 and 2005.	1
defining navigation and browsing operators for exploratory analysis of bibliographic database on this model; and,	1
In summary, the above-described investigation indicated that the peer reviews conducted for FSR since the journal's establishment were not affected by any fake review/reviewers scams.	1
Secondly, we cover all the subject areas considered in Scimago, thus this study embraces all major scientific fields, providing a more global overview.	1
This automated literature analysis can help specialists in the health and medical domain or other people to quickly grasp the structured morphology of the current studies for COVID-19.	1
Each IPC with an instance count greater than 1,000 was kept in its original state.	0
It was not possible to gather data on this point, but a possible source of evidence was suggested by the National Inquiry into Scholarly Communication, which noted that 71 percent of scholars in the humanities and social sciences indicated that the last journal article they had read was in a periodical to which they subscribed personally.	0
The structure of the rest of this article is as follows: section 2 includes previous research work, associated concepts and a literature review.	0
Second, it covers all major research areas of science by observing rates at which Wikipedia references nearly 5,000 journals, accounting for nearly 20 million articles.	1
Knowledge is extended on the usefulness of Facebook likes of unpublished manuscripts uploaded to the Internet to predict traditional indicators of impact.	1
This situation is important in terms of showing the widespread effect of science.	1
Nevertheless, a scientometric approach to the topic “silicosis” has not been available despite an increased need to evaluate quality and quantity of scientific accomplishments.	1
This paper further reveals the problem of paper misclassifications between different classification systems on the bibliometric evaluation, which was investigated earlier by Shu et al.	1
These studies concentrated on the structure and evolution of science without considering other factors	0
Given the large sample size of this study (n = 1116), this finding supports the growing evidence that AAS is a unique biblio-metric measurement tool as it captures a novel perspective on research impact that does not overlap with data captured by traditional parameters.	1
There is a need to expand knowledge on the trends of the China-Africa research partnership and improve understanding regarding the nature of the collaboration, the opportunities and areas for future research collaboration.	1
This research offers a close-up analysis of three case-study journals published by traditional long-existing publishers, each with a sizable number of special issues, and by doing so, it extends and deepens the discussion of “special issue-ization.”	1
The terms on which this article has been published allow the posting of the Accepted Manuscript in a repository by the author(s) or with their consent.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
where they can post their brief biography, research interests, research items, and so forth (see Figure 2).	0
A de-identified version of the referee-level dataset used in this paper can be found at the JEP website, with the paper.	0
In conclusion, we would say that, if you accept Waltman's arguments, you are basically arguing that the perfect should be the enemy of the good.	1
To this end, the present study set out to provide the first systematic and empirical account of the cohesion in HCRA titles.	1
The authors would also like to thank the AAEA office for administrative assistance in delivering the survey.	0
The Empirical situation described in the article helps to understand why international comparisons of citation impact according to (a) mean citations and (b) the percentage of articles in each country belonging to the top 10% of the most cited articles are so similar to each other.	1
Taking Ukraine as an example, this article aimed to contribute to the exploration of Scopus-indexed journals in semi-peripheral states sustaining means–ends decoupling.	1
The key contribution of this paper lies in aggregating all of the available data to present objective and valid benchmarks for comparing the academic impact of individual scholars.	1
Compared with former studies, the highlights of the current are mainly threefold.	1
Here, we develop a framework for quantifying the influence author reputation has on a publication's future impact.	1
It included a map of South-west Asia (Central Intelligence Agency, 1996) and nine photos of S.	0
By doing this, this study unveils whether there is stratification in terms of intellectual mobility by type of channels and discusses the potential to better disseminate knowledge by exploiting social media effectively.	1
Note: R, values are all statistically significant at beyond the .01 level.	0
This is a positive trend, in that visualization helps one see patterns that cannot be readily absorbed in any other way [6].	0
Presented study extends this statement to top-ranked scientific journals and to specific as well as across diverse WOS categories.	1
Disclaimer: The views expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, the Department of Defense, or the U.S.	0
As far as we know, there have been no applications of SOM based multiparametric analysis and characterization of the academic institutions performance profiles using scientometric indicators.	1
Both authors: Department of Radiology, Bowman Gray School of Medicine, Wake Forest University, Medical Center Blvd., Winston-Salem, NC 27157-1022.	0
The Levy Library, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, One Gustave L.	0
Given a field of interest, this method provides an innovative approach for answering the two questions raised at the beginning of the paper.	1
These findings provide a detailed and comprehensive insights into the academic growth process of excellent scholars in the field of computer science.	1
The third goal is to offer a more nuanced and refined typology of citations, along with examples, so that reviewers and editors, and by extension, the general reader can begin to recognize the motivations behind key citations in the articles they are reading.	1
The online version of this article can be found at: http://crx.sagepub.com/content/16/5/615	0
This paper adds to the limited research by strengthening the argument that potentially disadvantaged faculty with certain individual (academic age) and work-related characteristics (institutional sector) may benefit differentially from their co-authorship network centrality.	1
Recall that these indicators were introduced in the context of ESI-fields.	0
In fact, the contribution that we develop in this article is based on the creation of a new method to evaluate the evidence of social impact shared in social media.	1
In this paper, we compare the performance of these approaches.	1
Trend in publication of ophthalmology research articles for Japan during 1991-2000.	0
However, the scientific mapping method has never been used to conduct research analysis in industrial informatics.	1
Supplementary materials provide more details about the data and method and below we report the empirical results.	0
Accordingly, the diversity scores and number of articles were not statistically significant correlated (r=0.32; p=0.83).	0
2 Interest rates on 10-year government bonds during the Greek sovereign debt crisis	0
We appreciate the valuable remarks of the anonymous referees of Research Evaluation.	0
The distribution of female and male authors according to LinkScore categories is presented in Fig.	0
Note that the false positive and false negative values are rough estimates as there are no absolute ground truths.	0
To our knowledge, this study has brought forth the only review of the scientific impact of MS/ NMOSD research articles from the SEA, with addition of correlational analyses between country-specific socioeconomic characteristics and bibliometric indices.	1
This method is a new systematic method created by the authors to find factors.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
4 Evolution of distribution discrepancy of RME groups across different time periods	0
In this paper, we propose a novel measure that improves BC by tackling its main weakness: two related articles may still cite different references.	1
On the resulting layout minor manual adjustments have been performed for better visibility.	0
Mean number of citations for Networking and Electronics conferences (Google Scholar).	0
In this article, we present a method to facilitate micro-level analysis to help non-experts obtain an overview of a certain research field as well as for non-experts in analysis methods, such as text mining.	1
A novel indicator that reflects the impact and growth of a topic is proposed, serving as the prediction target.	1
A curious outcome of the analysis, which has not been explained in our previous paper (Franceschini et al. 2014), is the fact that bibliometric databases may sometimes mistakenly assign the same digital object identifier (DOI) to multiple papers.	1
The Polish intergenerational pattern differs from both the German (Teichler 2014), Korean (Shin 2014), and American (Finkelstein, Seal, and Schuster 1998) patterns in which young academics until a certain 'critical point' (tenure in the American tradition, Habilitation in the German-speaking countries) focus on research, and after reaching that point, choose their own academic preferences.	1
This study advances an innovative approach to modeling the system-wide impact of CTSA hub funding.	1
In addition to the AS, we calculate a new measure, called the Score Factor (SF), to compare journals with regard to their influence in alternative online media.	1
As academic conferences are key places for innovation and knowledge production, analysis of conference papers using bibliometric approaches is an important method for detecting and revealing research trends.	1
The results of this research provide original quantitative evidence that might be informative not only for supporting discussions of academic performance appraisal, but also for mentoring junior faculty.	1
Today, an increasing number of case reports or clinical studies involving digestive endoscopy have been performed.	0
This study combines VOSviewer and CiteSpace to conduct a bibliometric analysis on platform research.	1
Questions included a combination of non-closed style interview questions and Likert scale.	0
Funding: The author has not received any financial support for conducting this research.	0
FIGURE 1 Graphic representation of clus- ters Ward's method of clustering (Mdn; n = 327).	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
We introduce a novel measure, in-text patent citations, to study how this mandate affected industry use of academic science.	1
Although the results presented in this study are still preliminary, the network standard measures and the proposed measures have offered a novel approach to address this issue.	1
The author wishes to thank colleagues in these forums for valuable discussions.	0
The most important aspects of this study, compared to the three studies that studied the retracted publications of Iran, are the calculation of the time interval between the article publication date and the date of retraction notice, review of the citation status of the articles before and after retraction notice, as well as the status of receiving fund.	1
This content downloaded from 195.78.108.163 on Sun, 15 Jun 2014 06:04:38 AM	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
A similarity can also be observed, in terms of bibliometric indicators, between the more mobile researchers of an academic age group and the less mobile of the next: e.g., the number of publications of 6-country authors with academic age in (12, 25] is very close to the number of publications of 5-country authors with academic age > 25.	0
The difference between smaller and larger teams over time is the main contribution of this paper, especially in light of Fig.	1
DCRs), this article provides a novel method that considers citation relationships among a paper's citing papers, termed DCCPs.	1
This was an area of interest for Proceedings B, so Editor-in-Chief Barrett, Editor Neiman, and Publishing Editor (and co-author) Shalene Singh-Shepherd together decided to design a new science studies-focused topical category, Biological Science Practices.	1
The lines between nodes reflect the collaborative or co-citation relationship of items.	0
In addition, it explores potential moderating effects of citation level and associations among location contexts of citations to the same references for the first time.	1
Mainland China has a higher WSP in natural science and technology subjects than in social sciences and humanities.	1
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	0
The system itself is freely available on the web (NSD Norwegian Centre for Research Data 2016).	0
The case study on Filipino international migration scholarship is an empirical contribution to this field.	1
A directed geometric graph is proposed to model citation networks with exponentially growing nodes, which overcomes certain shortcomings of our prior proposed model, and provides better reproductions of some typical statistical features of the empirical data, e.g.	1
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
This study is one of the first to explore the idea of "doing the right thing at the right time" in academia, and being an exploratory study, suffers from several limitations—most of which result from its scale.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The data are not publicly available due to privacy or ethical restrictions.	0
Furthermore, the previous studies (e.g., Grieneisen & Zhang, 2012; Hu & Xu, 2020; van Leeuwen & Luwel, 2014) did not investigate accountable entities in relation to reasons for retraction.	1
'Do we try to keep it in the spot- light so...no.	0
Acknowledgements This work was supported by National Social Science Fund Project (No.	0
Received 28 February 2005; received in revised form 18 July 2005; accepted 24 August 2005	0
Institutional isomorphism explains, quite forcefully, the logical step between such lack of coordination in a field and a certain uniformity of the actions on behalf of the organizations in the field, and the article thus also contributes by importing a theoretical concept from organizational sociology into studies of research funding and research evaluation, and proving its explanatory value.	1
The present article introduces the lessons learned of our experience in virtual web-based health research networking in Endocrinology and Metabolism Research Institute (EMRI).	1
Median number of cites per year to search results in our experiment.	0
Received November 16, 2011; revised March 6, 2012; accepted March 7, 2012	0
Yet, there is very little published evidence on who are the recipients of these grants and whether public and charity funders in the UK award the most influential researchers.	1
Andrea Scharnhorst, Nees-Jan van Eck, Ludo Waltman, and two anonymous referees provided comments on previous drafts.	0
Here, we demonstrate how specific scientist contributions cohere into hierarchical roles that lead or follow in support of research publication and yield a simple lead (or L) ratio associated with each paper of n authors ranging from 1/n for maximum hierarchy to 1.0 for flatness.	1
Percentage of original articles published in the IJGP, 1986-94, from each country/region.	0
The notion that salami slicing is ethically problematic is rarely challenged in the literature (Norman & Griffiths, 2008), and yet when considered more closely the matter is simply not that straight forward.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there are no studies that have tried to evaluate research productivity related to solid waste originating from the Arab world.	1
This leaves a gaping hole in legal scholarship in that the current authors could not find any studies that assess citations in legal theses and dissertations from South Africa although few related studies were conducted in other areas such as Education and Engineering.	1
Above all, introducing altmetrics indicators into the new academic evaluation system is very necessary.	1
1 Cátedra de Cooperación Internacional y Con Iberoamérica, Department of Economics, Universidad de Cantabria, Avda.	0
To our knowledge, this is a novel methodology to identify and quantify the nature of innovation through keyword extraction.	1
Accordingly, we operationalise a new measure of originality for individual scientific papers building on the network betweenness centrality concept.	1
So, one might ask, is the title of 'citation classic' deserved in this case?	0
Overall, our triangulation method successfully integrated the results from multiple maps and enabled a meaningful interpretation that adds to the findings from the individual maps at the different levels.	1
We show mathematically that the success-index can be any of the following impact indices, dependent on the value of the threshold used in the definition of the success-index: Hirsch-index (h-index), g-index, generalized Wu- and Kosmulski-indices, the average.	1
Journal impact factor and citations as reasons for considering something the best research in the field.	0
However, it seems unlikely to us that there is significant variation across institutions with respect to this tendency.	0
The transition we have seen toward digital content distribution is also opening up a range of new opportunities for assessment of the impact of content.	1
The artificial intelligence-based method allowed the analysis of specific characteristics of Mexican scientific activities and common links among research practices in different knowledge domains.	1
For this study, the authors developed another quantitative metric, cost-per-cited-reference (CPCR), to supplement the CPU data currently used to evaluate consortial Big Deal ejournal packages at their institutions.	1
The trends show an absolute different reality than the one shown in Figures 1 and 2.	0
The novelty in our methodology lies in defining a set of avian influenza publications, linking it to article-level data on funding, research organizations, and developing new mapping tools with this data.	1
We present a novel routine, namely medlineR, based on the R language, that allows the user to match data from Medline/PubMed with records indexed in the ISI Web of Science (WoS) database.	1
Box-plot visualization of sentiment scores for closed- and open-access journals in four quartiles	0
In this research, the extent to which publish or perish, a long standing evaluation criterion, led to scientific misconduct is examined briefly.	1
In this study, we focus on the complexity of research portfolios, which provides novel insight to understand the aging effects on scientists.	1
2Given that we did not sample from the population of tenure-track and tenured faculty in APA-accredited school psychology programs at the particular point in time of our data collection-but rather examined the entire population- one could argue that statistical tests were not necessary.	0
The values could be changed to suit different practices in other national contexts.	0
Below are the selected indicators, by WoS category to know the most outstanding subfields.	0
In other words, complexity is low in a team whose behaviour is a collection of random events; but it is also low if the behaviour of the team is highly ordered and adheres to a single rule.	0
In that sense, the cited works are introduced as representative of the (sub)disciplinary norm (Roth et al., 2012, p.	0
Vivek Goel is Vice-President, Research and Innovation, and Strategic Initiatives and Professor in the Institute of Health Policy, Management and Evaluation, Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto.	0
The term trajectory, drawn from Elder's (1998) discussion of the life course as a developmental trajectory, may actually be more appropriate in this context than the term histories.	0
These examples highlight just a few of the many published social science citation analyses; they are not meant to be exhaustive but to give a general idea of the range of findings.	0
The distance between a row point and a column point has no meaning but the directions of columns and rows from the origin are meaningful, and the relationships help interpret the plot (JMP, 2005).	0
Based on the data collected in this study, the authors wish to propose an algorithm for clinicians to rapidly assess the predatory nature of any journal.	1
Whether the researchers have represented these numbers correctly or not is therefore not relevant here.	0
In terms of theoretical contributions, firstly, we identified the phases of the process of patent referencing, which includes reference diffusion, reference aging, and patent granting.	1
In addition, the present study further refines the spatial perspective of research on Chinese scientists to the geographic unit of the city, showing the urban flow network of scientists.	1
The Centre for Complex Systems, The University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia	0
Acknowledgements We would like to thank Mary Margreiter for the language review.	0
The dynamic view presented in this work may deepen the understanding on the formation of “permeable boundaries" in interdisciplinary research fields.	1
Current literature hardly explains the China-Africa research collaborations.	1
We aim at extending this branch of literature by jointly clustering universities and performance indicators, leading to the identification of different double partitions.	1
Here TP = Total Publications; C/CP = Citation per cited publication.	0
Analysis of highly cited articles can help identify outstanding scientific studies.	1
Papers in Most Productive Journals, Five Year Periods, and Impact Factor	0
Because the existing research is limited in scope, a broader investigation is required to evaluate the success of cluster hiring across demographic groups, cluster fields, and institutional environments.	1
In this study, we developed a new matrix to evaluate the maturity of knowledge domains with two metrics because using one variable may not be able to accurately assess the maturity of knowledge domains.	1
In light of a number of orthopaedic publications that have examined and reported on research quality as well as bibliometrics [12–14], it is surprising that such an intense debate within the medical research community [15] has yet to result in an evaluation of OA publishing in orthopaedics.	1
Here, we aimed to illustrate how these various levels could be modeled within a formalism where interactional and conceptual dynamics may jointly be appraised, be it at the level of a socio-semantic graph G, a socio-semantic hypergraph H or a socio-semantic lattice L.	1
Variables C and L denote clustering coefficient and mean geodesic distance respectively.	0
The paper is structured as follows: Section 2 briefly discusses some of the most recent policy issues related to universities in Europe.	0
The second case presents serious theoretical problems and there is no one standard approach so far.	0
This paper reviews the first forty years of the Journal of Econometrics.	1
This study corresponds with the gaps identified in the literature by proposing a "dynamic academic networking" concept (DN) that is conceptually distinct to the traditional, narrow concepts of research collaboration, but refers to wide spectrum of academic interactions which may be all perceived as important academic tasks [11, 12].	1
An Index of National Orientation of Publications (INO-P) and an Index of National Orientation of Citations (INO-C) were defined for 48 Ukrainian Scopus-indexed journals based on publications in 2014–2016 and citations to these publications in 2017.	1
However, none of the studies conducted a correlation analysis for altmetric and citation scores for faculty members from a department in the field of health and medicine.	1
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/349069972	0
The findings of the study could enlighten us further on China's potential to transform economic wealth into innovative science and the implications of this for the next generation of technology.	1
Governments and funders desperately need to reconsider their focus on where they allocate funds in decisions related to scholarly communication [14].	1
To our knowledge, this provides a first step towards the novel combination of analyses in this research which has not yet been put forth in the literature, even to our knowledge outside the marine sciences.	1
The proposed method also offers an idea for the development and improvement of the system for evaluating academic journals.	1
This study broadens the horizon in this area by asking whether the pace of citation accumulation is contingent on where the attention is coming from.	1
Therefore this study contributes to the body of knowledge on BRICS, adding in particular to the understanding of academic and research collaboration.	1
The study was funded by Vice-chancellor for Research and Technology, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences (No.9712077452).	0
Around 10% of faculty from health sciences were less representative of those from the university health science population.	0
Because this research is the first of its kind, no best practises have been established.	1
Copyright of Comunicar is the property of Grupo Comunicar and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
The remainder of the article is organized into four main parts.	0
The primary contributions of this research include employing various correlation and difference statistical tests to compare the two major alternative metrics data providers, both overall and at the subject level, using a distinct sample-hot papers.	1
The qualitative analysis of interviews (from 2018 and 2019) with international scholars working in Poland sheds new light on the theory of academic labor and the ownership of means of production in academia.	1
Griffith for their significant contribution during the research and Mike W.	0
Received August 16, 2007; Accepted September 18, 2007; Published October 3, 2007	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 56(9):893–902, 2005	0
3 Tree map of the frequently used keywords by the author	0
Key to Table 3: A = Rank, B = File number [FN], C = File Name, D = Total records in database, E = Total records unique, F = % of all records unique to this database, G = % of records in this database which are unique.	0
6 Frequency (%) of the topmost common terms in the article titles and keywords, in five different periods (more recent work on the left of the graph)	0
We computed and analyzed the career productivity cycles of Slovenian researchers by determining for every researcher how many publications she published in total in her i-th publication year (see the definition on page 10).	1
I would like to thank Merle Jacob and the other participants of the R-QUEST workshop in Oslo, Jochen Gl?ser, the members of the Sociology of Science group, Alexander Kladakis, Sven Ulpts, the three anonymous referees and the editor Thomas Franssen for their helpful feedback on earlier versions of this article.	0
1In this study, citations refer to the references to papers indexed in Web of Science (WoS), and references refer to the reference list at the end of a paper, irrespective of the presence or absence of the cited papers in WoS.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
In fact, it is only a special case of the standard formula for calculating the conditional probability of event B, given the event A:	0
On average, five reviewers (a minimum of three and a maximum of seven) reviewed each grant application.	0
This team type is a traditional academic research group in which productive and thoughtful leaders can embrace team science principles, resulting in rapid novel and productive research outcomes.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Finally, Section 5 summarizes the main findings and conclusions about the research conducted in APIN.	0
This process is repeated for all remaining researchers to construct the skyline set: if they are not dominated by all researchers in the skyline set (rskyline), then they are added into the skyline set.	0
2013 ASIS&T Published online 26 November 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Findings provide a holistic perspective on the status of big data literature by identifying research themes.	1
The purpose of this paper is to break new ground in understanding the various versions GS indexes, correlations between the number of GS versions and citation counts, and the value of institutional repositories for increasing scholarly impact.	1
This study contributes to scholarly endeavors toward elucidating the determinants of the degree to which scientific knowledge is consumed.	1
John, MD, Rutgers New Jersey Medical School, Medical Science Bldg, H-576, 185 South Orange Ave, Newark, NJ 07103 (ann.m.john@gmail.com).	0
The percentages in parentheses show the proportions of the papers in the corresponding field.	0
Figure 1: The structure map of the collaboration network among authors on depression research.	0
This study has illuminated patterns of change in journal characteristics and their specifications for authors.	1
On this background, the study at hand raises three questions contributing to our understanding of the potentially gendered collateral effects related to the introduction of the BRI.	1
Address for correspondence: *Empirical Economic Sociology, University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Findelgasse 7-9, 90402 Nuremberg, Germany; e-mail: peter.kriwy@wiso.uni-erlangen.de	0
The related work section reviews the current state of the art, and is followed by section 3, where data and methodology are introduced.	0
Moreover, to the best of our knowledge, there are no analyses of the top-cited spine papers from mainland China, indicating that the contribution of Chinese spine surgeons and researchers to the global spine research community has not been adequately investigated.	1
A generational approach to the academic profession used in this research, especially in mixed-methods research designs, highlights new policy dilemmas from a new angle for all countries currently reforming their higher education and science systems.	1
On the methodology side, we use a novel, paper-level indicator to quantify to what extent a paper is basic science or clinical medicine, allowing us to distill new insights on the science-technology linkage in biomedicine.	1
In the light of these findings, our contribution intends to add empirical evidence on the topic of the impact of collaboration on scientific performance, exploring the influence of actors’ embeddedness in co-authorship networks.	1
However, we also suggest and test a solution: Preprint authors, preprint servers, and other relevant institutions can likely mitigate this problem by briefly explaining the concept of preprints and their lack of peer review.	1
Third, I reflect on innovations that were implemented in an effort to inject more transparency into articles and to promote conceptual contributions.	1
This result might challenge the notion of political science as a locally-oriented field in the social sciences, since these German political science articles attract most citations from countries other than Germany.	1
We used SPSS software for Windows (version 19.0) for all statistical analyses.	0
Both the inflow and outflow of knowledge k account for an equal share of the weight in Equation (2).	0
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
A routine for the measurement of the various operationalization of diversity (in any data matrix) is now available online.	1
Even though the field of nursing has often been addressed in scientometric or bibliometric studies, pain and pain management have not been investigated from this perspective to date.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Zhicheng Lin on 02 December 2023.	0
Our proposed models are original tools that may be applied for any set of journals, even if the number of journals is large.	1
We argue for taking a perspective of scientific communication, where globalization is derived from researchers' journal submissions' decisions.	1
The work of de Solla Price on growth rates of large areas of knowledge is well known and needs no further discussion here.	0
This paper investigates the most productive age of the management scholars in Taiwan employing the idea of marginal productivity and average productivity.	1
An understanding of these roles is useful for researchers, editors and institutions alike.	0
(Hereafter, wherever we refer to “collaboration" between authors, we mean “collaboration that ends up with a common article in a journal indexed in WoS.”)	0
Determine the total number of citations in 2000 for articles published in 1998-1999.	0
The paper ends with a number of implications and concluding remarks.	0
This paper provides an example of available metrics for assessing these innovation impacts and describes the pathways according to which they materialize.	1
The last consequence of the proposed mechanism is the so-called Matthew effect.	0
We present the results of 2 studies, a citation-based study and an opinion-based study, that ranked the relative quality of 20 English-language journals that exclusively or extensively publish mathematics education research.	1
Originality/value – This study is the first to comprehensively illustrate the research status of ED in SM by conducting a bibliometric analysis.	1
Funding: This work was supported by a grant from the National Biomedical Research Foundation.	0
Another unique contribution is that it is based on the CSSCI database, and by drawing out the research topics through factor analysis and word frequency analysis, the novel approach has led to potentially useful results.	1
First, we used contextualized topic modeling (CTM) [53], which takes advantage of the entire context of the text rather than LDA, which, by applying neural variational techniques, uses a bag-of-words representation of the text, meaning that it ignores the order of words and considers only the frequency of words.	1
This study provides a holistic review of articles on dust mites, one of the most common triggers behind allergic rhinitis and asthma.	1
Declaration of interest: The author(s) declare that there is no conflict of interest.	0
This paper proposes a multi-attribute comprehensive evaluation method of individual research output (IRO).	1
School of Library and Information Science, University of Washington, Seattle, WA.	0
Second, the findings reveal the importance of time-dependent citation features, especially citation peak features, in identifying PEPs.	1
The present paper contributes to filling this gap.	1
This paper represents the first mapping of scientific production of doctoral programs in Spain.	1
First, the paper offers novel insights by highlighting the changing landscape of gender differences in patenting over time.	1
Our study might serve as a prompt for editorial and advisory boards of the leading international journals to provide more opportunities for researchers based in low and middle-income countries.	1
This study provides a description of intellectual structure of the field of scientometrics from the perspective of frequently appearing keywords and phrases using co-word analysis, hierarchal clustering and link analysis.	1
I am grateful to colleagues in SEPSU and to the editors of this issue for comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
While prior citation-based studies have revealed patterns of interorganizational, interdisciplinary, and international knowledge transfer, there is lacking a holistic and dynamic examination of disciplinary knowledge flows.	1
In 2016, both the science and impact sections of proposals were reviewed by a comprehensive panel consisting exclusively of academics.	1
Here, keywords such as “discussions,” “comments,” “feedback,” “critique,” “advice,” “suggestions,” are used.	0
The motivation for the research reported in this paper is widespread doubt among scholars that prevailing measures of public ‘science literacy’ possess the properties of reliability and validity necessary to attain these ends (e.g.	1
Borgman (Ph.D., Stanford University, 1983) is an assistant professor of library and information science at the University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90024.	0
4.1 Configurations of discovery dimensions and associated disciplines and considerations of use	0
Publishing in oncology OA journals will yield more impact, in term of citations, and will reach boarder audience.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The purpose of the CA abstract is to alert and to inform; it is not intended as a substitute for the original writing.	0
2 Number of articles published per venue by CONICET researcher category, a Scopus, b Google Scholar	0
(2001) argued more than 10 years ago, “Incorporating recent advances in bibliometrics and scientometrics in follow-up studies .	1
We thank INSERM and Publons for providing data; Elise Diard (Cochrane France) for help with formatting figures; and Laura Smales (BioMedEditing, Toronto, ON) for copyediting the manuscript.	0
The application of concept of boost in productivity and citation measures on collaborations within the G-20 showed that some countries are highly dependent on such collaborations in terms of productivity and citations with the other G-20 countries.	1
This study will conduct a comprehensive bibliometric analysis with an aim of assessing and examining the productivity and the impact of retrieved publications related to COVID-19 VE.	1
Institute of Management Sciences (IMS), University of Balochistan, Sariab Road, Quetta, Pakistan	0
To characterize this diversity in our analysis of scientific collaborations, we have invoked the concept of dominance used in areas such as Ecology or Economics to describe the degree of equilibrium or proportion in the interaction between the objects of analysis.	1
To ensure that the ideas extracted are innovative, we propose an automatic approach that combines N-gram extraction and web search techniques to extract and identify the innovative ideas of scientific papers.	1
Such study has not been performed yet for the last decade and on basis of academic articles.	1
Worthy of mention is that Romanian journals not included in these databases were also initially considered for the study, but because of the large proportion (75%) of articles written in Romanian and the almost complete lack of international visibility, the final decision was to exclude them.	0
Data are from 100 articles about celestial masers published from 1965 to 1980.	0
The colours indicate the journal fields, the size of the circles indicates the journal's impact factor (the bigger the circle, the greater the journal's impact factor) and the distance from the centre indicates the inter-journal links (the distance is in inverse proportion to the number of inward-outward citations).	0
The aim of this paper is to assess if there is a transition in the field of urban water science (UWS) by examining two key areas: cross-boundary social interactions in the professional community and collaborations in research publishing.	1
In orthodontics, only one bibliometric study has been published, but this only extracted data from three orthodontic journals and did not include bibliometric analysis, the lack of which could be a source of bias.	1
Figure 1 Evolution of publications in health management research from 1999 to 2011.	0
A new metrics, 'Prestige of Journal (PoJ)' is proposed in this study.	1
Sometimes, there are differences among the data offered by the above mentioned data bases (Garfield 1979; Archambault et al.	0
In this paper, we provide a source normalization approach based on the journal topic and we compare it with some popular impact indicators.	1
The largest mean gap between clusters is the belief that, in an all open access world, “More people would read and use my research.”	0
Actual versus predicted the quality of research environment scores for UoA12 Aeronautical, Mechanical, Chemical, and Manufacturing Engineering.	0
She holds a BS and MBA from Western Kentucky University and a PhD degree from the University of Kentucky.	0
When compared to the typology of eight activities for which U.S. researchers used RIM systems (Wu et al., 2017), the current study developed four additions: finding relevant patents, submitting manuscripts to journals, applying for grants, and identifying conferences.	1
While issues regarding the replicability of scientific research have been reported in multiple scientific fields including economics (Anderson et al., 2008; Dewald et al., 1986; Camerer et al., 2016), systematic empirical evidence of the incidence of replication studies in economics and their determinants is scarce.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The contribution of the paper is to understand representations of the social impact of social science in policies and academia.	1
We proposed the Article's Scientific Prestige (ASP) metric and compared this metric to number of citations (#Cit) and journal grade in measuring the scientific impact of individual articles in the large-scale hierarchical and multi-disciplined citation network.	1
The main findings of the study not only contribute to understanding the structural pattern and characteristics of scientific and technological knowledge but also the fundamental nature of the North Korean innovation system.	1
1Hospital Administration, Rockefeller University, New York, New York, USA; 2Department of Information Technology, Rockefeller University, New York, New York, USA; 3Laboratory of Blood and Vascular Biology, Rockefeller University, New York, New York, USA.	0
This article presents a set of the ‘most plausible contenders' for the works with greatest influence within Social Policy or ‘Social Policy's Greatest Hits'.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Fourth, having the date of birth of every scientist, we examined the relationship between age and the share of internationally collaborating scientists.	1
The sustainable development of human beings as well as international politics, economy, military, science and technology activities will depend more and more on ocean.	0
The overall proportion of OA in our study is higher than in a study examining OA availability in the members of European Research Area and four additional countries (14).	1
According to Rochester (1995), there have been bibliometric studies of individual journals, for example a study of the first 24 volumes of Journal of Education for Librarianship published from 1960 to 1984.	0
Submitted: 14 June 2010; Revision Submitted: 31 August 2010; Accepted: 12 January 2011.	0
Note: Significant differences were found between disciplines both in terms of citation counts and Price's index.	0
The authors thank the two anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments and suggestions.	0
We propose to compare the results from term co-occurrence maps (keywords, author's names, and author's countries) with co-citation analysis results, especially in the time period shortly before the increasing number of annual citations.	1
Therefore, we have compared our results with these techniques to evaluate the proposed study.	0
This work is also useful for student identifying graduate schools and for researchers selecting journals.	1
Looking into the literature, though an increasing number of studies start to examine the influence of supervisor on doctoral student's academic network, there is far fewer studies devoted to the understating of doctoral students' network, particularly the properties of their academic networks and their position in the networks.	1
In all models we included journal dummies and time controls (number of quarters since publication and its square).	0
Saffer's framework provided a valuable new lens on how we could interpret users' interactions with our IR.	1
1 School of Public Policy and Management, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China	0
Originality/value – The present study is the first effort to evaluate the research productivity of IIMs.	1
In most cases this involved spelling mistakes or the omission of words or phrases.	0
Therefore, in this paper, we attempt to add two more types of indicators, environmental and resource indicators, to the academic indicators when ranking world universities.	1
For a full report on the interviews and its results please see SOPs4RI’s D5.2: Report on the Results of the Focus Group Interviews (S?rensen et al., 2020).	0
Citation: Stvilia B, Wu S, Lee DJ (2018) Researchers' participation in and motivations for engaging with research information management systems.	0
This work is the first to report such disciplinary differences in citation sentiment.	1
(1) This paper proposes an end-to-end deep learning neural network for paper citation counts prediction: DeepCCP, which avoids the process of manually extracting features and improves the prediction accuracy;	1
If the retraction contained more than one allegation, each allegation was given one incidence.	0
Findings from this study contribute to a better understanding of the relationships among different metrics and provide guidance for using them effectively in different contexts.	1
The results of this study clearly show the main topics of the science, structure of scientific collaboration, and status of individual researchers within the IE research community.	1
This is the first bibliometric analysis of its kind which covers research published on suicide and COVID-19.	1
The more recent data collected for this study, when compared to the data collected by Yates and Chapman (2007), clearly demonstrates that references to monographs are indeed declining relative to other formats.	1
Table 7 showcases the performance metrics, including RMSE, MAPE, and sMAPE, for all three groups of researchers (junior, middle-level, and senior) across the years 2009, 2014, and 2018.	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
This paper suggests that scientific foundations can improve their efficiency by giving funding preference to economic proposals.	1
(?) Let F∈ P(I1) ∩ P(I4) ∩ P(I5) and take any x < y, x ∈ ]", y ∈ ]m.	0
In this study we contribute to this literature (1) by adding relative excellence (i.e., a citation based indicator) both as a predictor and as the dependent variable, and (2) by an examination of two dimensions of performance during doctoral education, quantity and quality (i.e., publication volume and relative excellence), and how these two dimensions interact in predicting relative excellence in the early career.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):?-?, 2015	0
The output from the SPSS software limits the significance levels to 0.05 and 0.01.	0
We offer a tiered system for reviewing MOT schools of excellence and a first-ever tiered system for the MOT sub-field of TE.	1
The proportion of female authors is projected using an ARIMA model assuming logistic growth toward equilibrium proportions in the range [0.3, 1.0].	0
Details on this derivation can be found in Appendix “Constraint refinement”.	0
Three bibliometric indicators are proposed for growth, activity profile stability, and focus.	1
Analyses are also conducted to identify which SciVal metrics (which are based on publications in the recent past) predict lifetime performance indicators.	1
Finally, our study is the first to offer detailed analysis of the coverage of GS and WoS in Sociology, Political Science, Cardiology and Chemistry.	1
We have to accentuate that we are aware of the limitations of the methodology used in this paper.	0
More generally, the identification and quantification of determinants of citation patterns that are unrelated to the intrinsic characteristics of cited works is a promising endeavor, as it can contribute to improve our understanding — and possibly the construction — of citation-based impact metrics.	1
For the three-dimensional keyword network analysis, the above four types of networks are created in this study, but only the first one (RFP-country network) is presented in this paper, since the other three networks are too complicated and can only be analyzed by computer.	0
Ricardo Brito López: Concieved and designed the analysis; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The present study is the first to analyse the top article citations in AKI, and will help readers or authors to recognise the quality of the research, discoveries and the trends steering AKI.	1
Interested readers can find further data, including price, print run and editorial information for specific years from 1665 to 2015, at https://arts.st-andrews.ac.uk/philosophicaltransactions/.	0
This is consistent with the trends displayed in Figures 1 and 2.	0
In any case, the appearance of the journals on this list would not be of much assistance to collection development librarians seeking to enhance their terrorism research collections, since most academic libraries would already have these journals in their collections.	0
This text file is read into an excel spreadsheet where it is carefully looked over for errors.	0
Considering these limitations, the present research is the first to address the question of which countries' surgeons contribute the most to the general surgical literature.	1
In particular, we propose an Analyzing Reliable Patterns of Infrequent Synonymous Biterms (ARPISB) method, which guarantees the quality of the result emerging topics by adaptively giving larger weights to more reliable ISB.	1
Acknowledgments The author would like to thank Cornelis van Bochove for his comments and support and Cathelijn Waaijer, Robert Tijssen and Ludo Waltman for their suggestions.	0
Our setting— discussions at Finance-related NBER Summer Institutes—comes much closer to causal inference and allows us to study the underlying mechanisms.	1
Conceptual framework: Stylised process model of long-term international collaboration in nano S&T.	0
Hence, the results suggest that Mendeley reader counts are a good substitute for citation counts for scientometric applications involving articles that are younger than 5 years old, and especially when the articles are in their first few years, and in fields with higher levels of Mendeley use.	1
This article presents the 'Diversity Approach to Research Evaluation' (DARE) as a novel way to assess how researchers engaged in knowledge creation and application work together as teams.	1
2008 ASIS&T Published online 10 July 2008 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
Despite the aforementioned studies analysed themes, methods and disciplines resulting in a snapshot of which countries were the most influential in these fields, we believe that there is still room to advance in this research by covering a wider time span and a higher number of journals.	1
The present study comprised three complementary phases intended to identify and analysis challenges and problems of women participation in health research in Iran (2021-22).	1
A proper test would investigate whether authors that have a choice between citing equally citable authors or documents tend to choose citing the highly cited ones.	1
In "Results" section we introduce a new economics journal ranking based on normalised citation scores.	1
The authors have carefully considered all the constructive revision comments made by the Editor and the three reviewers.	0
We focus on the novel features of RISC which are crucial to bibliometrics and are unavailable in the international citation indexes.	1
We express our thanks to Derek Oler, Mitch Oler, and Chris Skousen for sharing data with us.	0
To solve this limitation, we introduce a novel visualization scheme to better represent the clustering results by GHSOM.	1
This may apply to the reports of (combined) Working Groups of the European Society of Cardiology and of the American College of Cardiology or the American Heart Association [5–7].	0
Qurashi for drawing my attention to, and sending me copies of, his studies.	0
This question was only displayed for those respondents who had previously deposited research outputs to an electronic repository.	0
Ethical approval The citation databases used to prepare this article are available in the public domain via references 12 and 13.	0
Thus, to illustrate knowledge flow between disciplines in all scientific fields (Sciences, Social Sciences, and Arts & Humanities), we propose a new discipline classification ESI' based on ESI which adds Arts & Humanities by matching between journals and disciplines of the ESI journal list and the Journal Citation Report.	1
However, population-based activities must also be considered: The USA were the most productive country in total number of publications, however, smaller countries were more active in relation to their population size.	1
Small fields, like astronomy, are included, as are large fields like physics, mathematics, and chemistry.	0
A comprehensive compilation of current research and science trends data could be useful for professionals from different institutions, academicians, research developers, private companies, government agencies, foundations, policy makers and publishers.	1
By focusing on the UFIT Guidelines, my findings confirm that Australia is part of a growing response in the West to counter security threats from China in universities (d'Hooghe & Lammertink, 2022), while making a new contribution to the literature on global STEMM collaboration amidst geopolitical competition.	1
In this and in a subsequent paper, we address this specific aspect in a quantitative way, through a statistical study on proposal ranking at the European Southern Observatory.	1
It utilizes quantitative analysis and statistics to describe patterns of publications within a given topic, field, institute, or country.	0
We demonstrate how the new design facilitates a portfolio analysis in terms of patterns emerging from the distributions of citation threads and the dynamics of trajectories as a function of space and time.	1
Montreal: Canada Research Chair on the Transformations of Scholarly Communication, University of Montreal.	0
Thanks to this, the study is limited neither to data from the Web of Science nor from Scopus, from which the coverage degree is insufficient to evaluate the social sciences and humanities, especially from a non-English speaking country.	1
* The word “unique” does not mean the topic did not appear in the other journal, but with a lower frequency than the threshold.	0
At the end, we are able to use economic terms such as comparative advantage and economic theories such as the Hecksher–Ohlin model and analyze the bibliometric data in a completely new way.	1
We propose DSRS, a new metric for the evaluation of journals via the Journal Influence Score.	1
Finally, we apply a method to extract prominent RFAs from author keywords and then link them with the prominent authors frequently mentioning these RFAs in their keyword list.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to apply the use of personas to the study of panel evaluation processes.	1
Redrawing of the map of science from Griffith et al.1 Node sizes are scaled to the cubed root of the number of papers.	0
Thus we argue that the missing link that relates higher financial returns to receiving forward citations is the reputational effects firms create by persistence in their patenting activities.	1
A table of journals, details, and classification is included in the Appendix A1.	0
Also, the comparisons are not performed with the purpose of competition but rather with the goal of working towards narrowing gap as universal accessibility should benefit all.	0
The six dimensions of intra- and interpersonal factors mentioned are not an exhaustive list of possible success factors for RCs.	0
A large number of commercial Web sites (e.g., http://www.business-magazines.com) offer subscriptions to over 250,000 magazines, scientific journals, and other publications.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to examine the structure and evolution of research in industrial computing using a scientific mapping technique.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
In addition, Figure 1 shows the percentage of articles with acknowledgements in all five journals for the years 1971–1999.	0
We argue that spillovers can exist along three dimensions: idea, geographic, and collaboration space.	1
For the six fields chosen, we were able to predict, with acceptable accuracy, the citation frequency of an article within 6 years (C6) and 11 years (C11) after its publication, with 3–5 significant predictors.	1
This work can provide insights into the high impact research in wind tunnel field.	1
The above results have demonstrated how the characteristics of retraction articles from the KoreaMed database differ from the MEDLINE/PubMed database described in other reports as follows: a higher proportion of duplicate publication as the reason for retraction; no fabrication or falsification; the appearance of retractions not complying with COPE retraction guidelines such as retraction of the first article published in duplicate publication; different proportions of issuer types; a greater proportion of retractions for an undetermined reason; and overreactions to errors in which a retraction was issued instead of an erratum.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Thus, a set of strictly comparable data from all FASEB Member Societies is not available.	0
This is the main motivation of this paper, that provides an evaluation of the scientific production in WPS through a bibliometric analysis.	1
Received April 9, 2010; Accepted May 30, 2010; Published June 22, 2010	0
Although there are at least six dimensions of journal quality, Beall's List identifies predatory Open Access journals based almost entirely on their adherence to procedural norms.	1
Using regression analysis, Section 5 explains the factors concerning the research performance and international collaboration of scientists in China.	0
Notably, the power to detect a change is increased by tracking four control papers for every tweeted paper, instead of one control for each tweeted paper.	1
The attempt is also to keep the methodology simple to ensure easy replication of results, possibly as an annual exercise.	0
According to the literature, it seems that the effect of each of the individual metrics of ResearchGate on the RG score has not so far been studied.	1
While other efforts were intent on estimating the economic impact of the genomics revolution, we shift focus to the social and cultural capital generated by bridging together biology and computing—two of the constitutive disciplines of “genomics”.	1
These classifications were not mutually exclusive: 49 journals were classified in more than one research area and 38 journals were not classified in any area.	0
This algorithm is planned to be implemented with the help of software tools that will make up an automated decision support system (ADSS) assisting in making decisions related to building a library collection.	1
Our new methodology allows emergent topics to be identified as they are emerging.	1
The next step is to measure, with a suitable statistic, the degree of reliability of the value obtained for β.	0
The study has been financially supported by the Academy of Finland.	0
In this work, we propose the graphical representation for the empirical data of the impact factor rank-ordered distribution.	1
In other words, across the four panels of Figure 4, p increases along the horizontal axis and q increases along the vertical axis.	0
The theoretical value of this study is that it answers the question of how DTI affects the carbon emission intensity of enterprises, and empirically tests its impact.	1
We find that in the beginning stage, that is, from zero to one citation, high-, medium-, and low-cited publications do not obviously exhibit different lengths of time.	1
Downloaded from http://reep.oxfordjournals.org/ at University of Iowa Libraries/Serials Acquisitions on May 25, 2015	0
We provide nested maps online and a routine for generating portfolio overlays on the maps; a new tool is provided for “difference maps" between patent portfolios of organizations or firms.	1
For the definitive version of this publication, please refer to the published source.	0
In this case, from a theoretical point of view, relative performance should be the same at all citation levels; this was demonstrated empirically with the citation distributions of Germany and Sweden in chemistry (Figure 2).	0
What is obvious from this study is that stable financial support and the availability of good ICT infrastructure does not guarantee the adoption of an innovation such as electronic publishing, which has become important to increase a journal's visibility and accessibility.	1
This demonstrates a continued interest in contributing to and disseminating clinical knowledge via peer-reviewed publication, and is a powerful measure of success of these scholarships.	1
The main finding is that these opportunities are generally not taken because ECRs are constrained by convention and the precarious employment environment they inhabit and know what is best for them, which is to publish (in high impact factor journals) or perish.	1
O levantamento dos dados referente à publica??o científica de autores com vínculo institucional brasileiro e chinês na área da Ciência da Informa??o mostrou o modelo de publica??o fomentado no Brasil com percentual importante de títulos brasileiros e em português, sendo evidente ainda que a China tem prioridade de publica??o no idioma inglês e em títulos estrangeiros.	1
Scientists in most countries of the world are evaluated according to the journal impact factor (JIF) of the journals in which they publish.	0
He is a postdoctoral researcher in the field of bibliometrics and is interested on research evaluation at the institutional level, the evaluation of monographs, and the study of new data sources for bibliometric analysis.	0
FIGURE 1 Published articles on implant dentistry, and those that received funding (since 2008)	0
To obtain ranks, all CJIFs were listed from highest to lowest using Excel pivot tables to detect and remove duplicates.	0
Received: 18 November 2022 Revised: 2 October 2023 Accepted: 10 October 2023	0
Despite all these, every academic will agree that manuscript rejections are a common occurrence.	0
Here we propose a way of community detection based on Motifs (large cliques).	1
Availability of data and materials: The datasets used and/or analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
A strength of our study was that we compiled a more comprehensive list of the most-cited neuroimaging articles across all peer-reviewed scientific journals.	1
Added to prior evidence that reader counts and citation counts have moderate or strong correlations in almost all fields in the longer term (Thelwall 2017c), this establishes Mendeley reader counts as a useful early impact indicator that should be considered for evaluations involving recently published articles.	1
No restrictions were made in terms of the language or IF of the journal.	0
Also, we could reveal the role of funding in research novelty which has been mostly unanswered.	1
We find that researcher level and paper level credit diffusions are actually two aggregations of a fine-grained authorship level credit diffusion.	1
Innovatively, we propose dynamic-network blockmodeling as an effective method for charting the evolution of these co-authorship structures.	1
To overcome the limitation of year based EM-index, we have extend the year based EM-index with EM'-index (proposed in Bihari and Tripathi 2017) and named Year based EM'-index.	1
This study has quantified 45 years of research output of Filipino adult and child neurologists.	1
An extension of our current work might lead to an early warning system that makes the scientific community aware of problems with certain publications.	1
The methodology of this research is applicable to other policies.	1
Subsequent to the model estimations, adjusted predictions of the faculty members' ratings were calculated to visualize the small effects of the collaboration activities.	0
These caveats and recommendations apply as well to the present study.	0
The section titled “Data and methods” details our strategy for our sample selection, procedures for extracting positive words, and analysis methods.	0
The impact of the present online-based model in its first year highlights its potential as a scalable, adaptable, and cost-effective solution to the challenges faced by medical students, graduates, and specialists in developing countries.	1
However, a trend has recently appeared in bibliometrics that complements the one-dimensional with a multi-dimensional form.	1
The consequence of most of these causes may be that women abandon their careers before men, or initiate their careers at a later age than men (see the recent work of Van Arensbergen et al.	0
Specifically, we propose that journal impact can be measured as a recursive measure of proportionate inbound and outbound citation flow.	1
In academia, scientific publications are a critical aspect of developing a career.	0
This shows that science research output was unevenly distributed on the Mainland in the field of management and that the development of management research differed from area to area.	1
For example, editors could request manuscripts with support from reviewers from the same institution and from other institutions.	0
The following is the result of Correspondence Anal- ysis in JMP.	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
As a result, this research has utilized the KSCD which was extended in the scope of journals and improved by the identification of journals, and it overcame the limitations of existing citation analysis studies and performed a comprehensive citation analysis in natural science and engineering research.	1
998 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2012	0
It is exploring strategies, models and evaluation metrics for journal transformation.	1
1 Department of Communication, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Getafe, Spain	0
Top 15 countries with respect to their total # of SE papers versus their latest (2012) population sizes.	0
Thus, this study builds on these prior studies by exploring these two facets of research collaboration, tie formation and reasons for collaboration, between US and Chinese scientists who collaborated on COVID-19-related research during the pandemic.	1
we propose a new temporal clustering on dynamical graphs that is naturally part of the process of multi-level and multi-scale reconstruction of phylomemies,	1
To address this gap, this study reports on an investigation into the relationship between abstract readability and online attention received by RAs.	1
The pipeline of generating sub-word representation for each bio-entity extracted from CORD-19 papers using BioBERT is indicated in Fig.S5.	0
In cases in which more than one researcher has the same Hirsch factor or Influence factor, they are ranked based on the total number of citations	0
In this study, we introduced a new indicator to measure the direction of interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion (from a net-outflow discipline to a net-inflow discipline or from a net-inflow discipline to a net-outflow discipline between two disciplines), named "disciplinary potential energy" (DPE), by taking both direct and indirect citations into consideration.	1
The data collection and analysis were independently performed by a pair of research associates and subsequently reconfirmed by the authors of this study.	0
Received October 14, 2002; revised February 11, 2003; accepted April 24, 2003	0
A research framework is proposed to discover the linkages among science, technology, and industry.	1
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Bureau of Economic Research.	0
The last section offers a summary of the results and our conclusion.	0
Studying this, in this geographical area, can help to make hypothetical comparisons with studies carried out in other countries and contexts, as well as investigate specific potential uses of altmetric indicators in non-core countries.	1
We appreciate comments from Caleb Smith on working drafts of this paper.	0
The following discussion refers mainly to the visual outcome of our multi-dimensional scaling.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Due to WoS database is the most authority one used to study the publications in most topics for a given subject, but for the topics from medical science the PubMed is the most used data source.	0
In this study, the historical roots of positive psychology were traced by a new scientometrics approach called Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) introduced in 2014.	1
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Newbury Park, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 58(13):1948-1959, 2007	0
We present three new indicators through utilizing the structural holes theory and information entropy theory to depict the effects of scholars’ positions in collaboration networks and furthermore integrate the interplay among diverse scholarly entities in heterogeneous academic networks together to quantify scholars’ scientific impact.	1
It can be seen that previous research providing data on young adults in Spain focuses on one specific sector: university students.	1
In this work, we develop an impact factor dynamics model based on the parallel system, which can be used to analyze the correlation between the impact factor and certain elements.	1
To achieve this objective, we use the world's largest bibliometric database (Scopus) to quantitatively review the research productivity in the UAE over the past two decades in various disciplines, summarize the quality of such research using conventional metrics of research quality, and compare the performance of the UAE to its geographic region as well as to other countries with notable growth in research productivity over the same period.	1
The results reveal a possible formation mechanism behind the unique citation characteristics of sparking work.	1
Distribution of Types of Web Resources Cited – Selected Social Sciences Journal Literature	0
The lack of any consistently strong correlates of research productivity across types of institutions supports the notion that research, balanced and teaching schools truly do operate differently from one another and rely on different resources to manage the distinct demands.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Many of these errors, however, come from the primary documents them- selves rather than being the result of faulty ISI indexing).	0
The present research indicated that the number of years since publication, type of paper, and scope of the paper's title were the most significant factors influencing the citation status of papers in the IJR.	1
To cite this article: Duane Knudson (2015) Citation Rate of Highly-Cited Papers in 100 Kinesiology-Related Journals, Measurement in Physical Education and Exercise Science, 19:1, 44-50, DOI: 10.1080/1091367X.2014.988336	0
The current research therefore applies other indicators to mainstream academic output.	1
The probabilities for their repeating retraction are calculated using a statistical model: 3-5% likelihood of repeat retraction for authors with a single retraction at five years after the latest retraction and 26-37% for authors with five retractions at five years after the latest retraction.	1
Additionally, this paper addresses the limitations of the existing qualitative practices, such as peer review and citation analysis.	1
Surprisingly, they found the simultaneous release of two antagonistic substances, glutamate and GABA, from individual nerve cells.	1
The calculated values in specific years are distributed on a scatter plot in Fig.	0
Funding The article was prepared within the framework of the HSE University Basic Research Program.	0
Especially in the circumstance of water resource shortage and water quality deterioration, membrane water treatment technology has become an important technique to solve the resource type and quality type water shortage problems in China.	0
Codes for sources: R – RePEc, C – Scopus CiteScore, S – SCImagoJR, L – LogEc, R&L match of RePEc and LogEc, I – InCites, A – Altmetrics, CL – Combes and Linnemer, GS - Google Scholar.	0
Here we present a new tool called SPACE that has been designed to help universities and institutions implement such reforms.	1
This extended measure explores the prestige dimension of papers and considers the subsequent contribution of papers of different prestige devoted to the knowledge flow in which they are embedded.	1
In all of science there is no such thing as the one “true” indicator.	0
But most of all this paper owes its existence to Jane W.	0
Based on a newly constructed set of indicators, and using purpose-collected budgetary data from major pan-European R&D initiatives and other R&D statistics, we apply this framework empirically to the process of Europeanisation of publicly funded R&I.	1
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
Anonymity was guaranteed, as no personal identifying information was collected on the survey.	0
Details on the construction of the database are provided in Appendix A.	0
Cultural conflict is irrelevant to the evolution of global research excellence.	0
The complete illustration could not fit on a single page, therefore only the core single terms and their strengths of association are provided.	0
Further, the rejection of Hypothesis 3, a different result from what is reported in the Anglo-Saxon literature (Lee, 1997; Reiter and Williams, 2002), signals that refereed publication in journals was not a value embedded in the Spanish academic community and academic status was not apparently mediated by means of journals.	1
Note that the two lines for p = 1 in figures 3A and 3B are identical because all the resources are distributed by competition, and the values of Nn make no difference.	0
However, little is known about the perceptions and attitudes of the broader scientific community, with existing research suggesting that uncertainty exists amongst scientists as to the value of altmetrics or what they even represent (Kratz and Strasser 2015).	1
Upon inspection then, the raw frequency figures of journals, heretofore the quantitative basis of Bradfordian analysis, turn out to be hostage to many extraneous details of publication and indexing, and not absolute characteristics at all.	0
We hope this article will prove fruitful in starting up a discussion on the roles of scientific associations and on their relation to the socio-political contexts and the transformations of contemporary science.	1
The main accomplishment of this article is to investigate classic preferential attachment theories using Markov chains.	1
This paper was partially funded by the Research Council of Rutgers University.	0
This study may provide insight for investigators and administrators when considering the appropriate numbers of individuals and organizations to be included and the type of manuscript that will be considered a significant addition to the literature.	1
We provided the first simultaneous test of these various theoretical predictions using unique social network data of a large scientific community at one large private U.S.	1
The NSRI is the largest research integrity survey in academia to-date that has looked at not only prevalence of QRPs and FF but also at the largest range of possible explanatory factors in one single study across all disciplinary fields and academic ranks using the RR technique [19].	1
In figure 1A the relationship between the most cited papers and their number of downloads is presented.	0
We thank the China Scholarship Council for funding Zhilong Xie's visit to the University of Sheffield.	0
Our findings show that Zipf's law was the most influential concept embedded in the original work, with the PLE being the second most cited concept.	1
In this paper we report the following new contributions: an automated NLP methodology to identify domain-specific research themes and evaluate their trends in journal paper metadata using LDA topic modeling and multivariate Mann-Kendall test is designed;	1
Vizgin, Maria Aksentieva, and other members of the history of physics seminar at	0
In other words, the first component represents the adjusted measures, while the second component represents the unadjusted one, suggesting that the measures falling into these two groups represent different, though correlated, phenomena.	0
However, few studies have documented patterns of publications in clinical and basic science research involving breast cancer research output (Glynn et al., 2010; Perez-Santos and Anaya-Ruiz, 2013).	1
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
We proposed a novel perspective on knowledge evolution exploration by analyzing the edge formation of egocentric citation network of scientific knowledge.	1
Furthermore, there has been no study in the Financial Crisis using the method bibliometrics for analyzing after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers.	1
The results are divided into three sections to answer each research question.	0
The present study shows evidence to suggest that citation-based indicators of journal performance do not give an objective assessment of the intrinsic quality of science published in journals within the field of EEBS.	1
It is widely rec- ognised that uptake by a broader surgeon base for wider indications can be associated with higher complication rates, but two other sorts of issues, arising most notably for new devices, have received less attention:	0
Scientific productivity is a much better predictor of economic wealth and Human Development of a nation than other variables tracked by a number of commonly used indices proposed worldwide.	1
Conceptually, this index is easy to understand, despite its calculation is rather complicated; in fact, it relies on an iterative Page Rank algorithm that distributes prestige values among the journals until a steady-state solution is reached.	0
Inspired by the concept of “potential energy” in physics, we propose a new indicator to measure the "direction" of interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion named “disciplinary potential energy” (DPE).	1
Our contribution to the scholarly discussion on research integrity is twofold.	1
S cientific collaboratories have the potential to be centers "without walls, in which researchers can perform their research without regard to physical location - interacting with colleagues, accessing instrumentation, sharing data and computational resources, and accessing information in digital libraries" [Wulf, W.A.	0
This analysis may be a step in the right direction towards a model for evaluating and ranking institutions within a particular university.	1
Is it surprising that co-authored articles would be superior to single-authored articles?	0
The results must be interpreted in light of the direction and magnitude of the differences in position of each theme category.	0
Yet, for completeness’ sake we recall the definition of the h-index.	0
Downloaded by [Flinders University of South Australia] at 08:50 01 February 2016	0
Furthermore comparison of conventional subscription based journals with hybrid journals and those that published all their research as OA revealed there was no statistical difference in benchmark citation indices or the volume of level I evidence that was published in 2012.	1
All authors gave final approval for publication and agreed to be held accountable for the work performed therein.	0
This gives us an impression how stable the results are under small changes of the sample.	0
We suggest that the contribution of impact factors and journal rankings in an individual's assessment should count less than peer review evaluation.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Department of Management and Organisation, Hanken School of Economics, 00100 Helsinki, Finland	0
In contrast to prior evaluations of research and faculty career development programs that have compared successful versus unsuccessful applicants, we compared the career advancement and productivity of awardees of three prominent HSR career development programs.	1
Furthermore, to our knowledge, there have been no reports of any efforts leveraging sticky notes and an interactive poster format as a mechanism to survey participants at a technical meeting.	1
The horizontal axis of the graph in Figure 3 registers the rank value assigned to each one (article, author) pair, in accordance with the number of 1-gen citations received.	0
KEYWORDS citation analysis, business school, marketing citations, finance citations, management citations	0
On the basis of existing research, we construct a collaborative pair based on the academic age of scholars to explore the differences in academic collaboration from two dimensions: individual scholars and countries and regions.	1
We found a possible explanation for the gender differences in impacts which is also new to the literature:	1
Originality/value – This study is the first retrospective bibliometric analysis of the IJLM, which is useful for aspiring contributors.	1
In the case of the Montclair State University Digital Commons, our repository has become a foundational pillar in the establishment of the new strategic plan and the impetus for creating both a culture of research and an IR culture at our University.	1
PFNET of 121 information science authors based on raw cocitation counts.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives License 4.0 (CCBY-NC-ND), where it is permissible to download and share the work provided it is properly cited.	0
Unlike previous citation analysis applied to academic library collections, this present study focused on an analysis of cited materials from journal publications of AOML affiliated scientists and the holdings of a special library, the NOAA Miami Regional Library.	1
We limit ourselves to the particular concentration measures considered in Egghe (2005).	0
We seek to shed light on how other repository managers might envision and structure their own self-archiving processes to ensure buy-in while still relying on faculty members to do some of the necessary legwork.	1
It also shows that the further development of research evaluation systems has prompted multiple changes in how research councils track, assess, and communicate the activities they support.	1
This paper contributes to the literature in three ways.	1
In this research, we further examine the issue from another perspective: the extent to which authors initially post their working papers through social network platforms before or during review process so that their names and institutions are visible to reviewers even if the submitted journals practice double-blind reviewing.	1
This study is the first bibliometric analysis of the literature in facial plastic surgery, to determine the most cited papers in the field.	1
In this paper, as a case study, we provide an in-depth quantitative- -qualitative analysis of University of Belgrade (UB) leading institutions perform- ance.	1
Utilizing Spearman rank partial correlations controlling for length of service as the EiC, significant moderate correlations were found between the number of commentaries and the number of first-author commentaries by the EiC and the IF of their journal (r=0.568, p=0.001 and r=0.504, p=0.005; respectively).	1
This study deliberately addresses this issue by demonstrating how “multidimensional” scholarly citations can facilitate the characterization and understanding of scholars' citation behaviors.	1
Among Brazilian economists, lay prestige is not accompanied by academic prestige.	1
This work was supported by the Deanship of Scientific Research, King Saud University, under Grant RG-1438-027.	0
For a more detailed description of the algorithm, we refer the reader to (Franceschini et al.	0
In the last decade, Mexico’s efforts have focused on achieving stronger scientific growth.	0
Finally, we contribute to the method of analyzing writing style.	1
It is important to mention that the motor themes and the basic and transversal themes are considered as those that favor the development and consolidation of a field of knowledge or a journal due to their density and centrality.	0
By generating synthetic data against which real data is compared, the modelling approach we described here can be considered an extension of the data visualization methods.	1
Therefore, research focusing on the evolution of collaborations in the SM is needed.	1
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
This is a new version of a paper presented at the Third International Conference on Informetrics in Bangalore (India), August 9-12, 1991.	0
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
This allows a rough approach to the very content of the sciences.	0
As a matter of fact, even though many studies on online learning and exams have been conducted by numerous researchers in the past, there is hardly any study that has been undertaken to cognize the essential considerations needed for the successful implementation of online exams in higher educational institutions of India and Saudi Arabia.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Despite the volume of research, details on the intersection between these fields are lacking, and more so in the context of developing countries (i.e., Global South: GS).	1
I propose a definition, marshal its empirical and theoretical support, and explore its theoretical and methodological implications.	1
However, as we will discuss later, our understanding of creating or having a high impact in the scientific community is different from that in Lyytinen et al.'s (2007) original article, which equated “high impact” with the number of publications in the senior scholars' basket of journals (Association for Information Systems, 2021b).	1
We perform a detailed analysis of the AGN using network-based metrics at the researcher, institute, and subject levels.	1
The findings presented here have wider implications for Central Europe.	1
Email: Nicholas R Anderson* - nicka@u.washington.edu; Peter Tarczy-Hornoch - pth@u.washington.edu; Roger E Bumgarner - rogerb@u.washington.edu	0
The proof is obvious from Lemma 2 for j = 1 and j = k.	0
To the best of our knowledge, none of these studies have been conducted in the field of anesthesiology.	1
Overall, we note that our findings can take the discussion forward, but also, that they should be interpreted with caution.	0
However, we argue that there is a close connection between the two topics.	1
Fourth column: gives information about how important fostering PhD students is, 2 means high significance, 1 one goal among others, 0 less important, data in brackets if core group and department differ.	0
This study is the first topic analysis study and one of the earliest bibliometric studies on predatory publishing.	1
Moreover, this study closes a major information gap by connecting certain kinds of green investments to changes in ESG ratings, therefore clarifying the advantages of sustainable investment in lowering environmental risks and improving stakeholder interactions.	1
Ministry of the Flemish Community, Science and Innovation Administration, Boudewijnlaan 30, 1000 Brussels, Belgium.	0
The number of undirected lines which connect the papers reflects, according to the code shown, the strength of co-citation coupling.	0
The study considers that its contribution to the bibliometric community is to point out that conventional BCS measures may be biased against both aged and long-spanned BC pairs, and an improved measure as simple as CR may achieve significant improvement and utterly different analytic result.	1
Any commercial use is not permitted and is subject to Publisher's permissions.	0
On average, there were 3.5 authors of a paper with an average length of 2,925 words.	0
Additional services and information for Journal of Information Science can be found at:	0
This study, which is based on data from the disciplines of “Health Sciences” and “Biology and Life Sciences” as indexed by WoS, shows that the percentage of non-grant-funded articles is clearly reduced in APC OA journals, especially relative to free OA journals, and that the percentage of grant-funded articles increases with increased APCs.	1
They can be calculated as before, but the 83 formulae are, relatively speaking, more intricate.	0
The question addressed by the authors is very important, yet their proposed solutions are problematic.	1
Secondly, it solves the problem of how the new-quality productivity theory adapts to the development of the times.	1
This article brings a greater understanding of researcher attitudes and behaviors toward green OA, and the use of OAR in particular, by focusing on similarities as much as differences in patterns of behavior; and by comparing behaviors at the level of the discipline and metadiscipline.	1
On the whole, this study improves our understanding in the accuracy of the classification system of science as well as the impact of difference between different classification systems on the bibliometric evaluation.	1
This research provides an objective view for rethinking the overdependence on JIF and journal ranking in research assessment.	1
For more technical details on the development of the neural network, refer to (Miranda- González et al., 2020).	0
The study was approved by the University of Sydney's Human Research Ethics Committee.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed in accordance with the Creative Commons Attribution Non Commercial (CC BY-NC 4.0) license, which permits others to distribute, remix, adapt, build upon this work non-commercially, and license their derivative works on different terms, provided the original work is properly cited and the use is non-commercial.	0
The main contributions of this paper are twofold.	1
The first issue of the journal sees many of the objectives for its establishment realized.	0
* Corresponding author at: Trend Research Centre, Asia University, Taichung 41354, Taiwan.	0
This study suggests the persistent underrepresentation of Brazilian women in surgical journal authorship.	1
What is more, the geographic distributions were excluded from the analyses.	0
In Ghana, there is a strong need to understand the experiences of researchers regarding the use of OA for dissemination of scientific information because of the paucity of literature.	1
I take this as new evidence that the adjustment costs facing scientists can have a first-order effect on the equilibrium size of grants awarded by the NIH.	1
To better understand the problem of predatory publishing, this paper moves beyond a neoliberal distributive interpretation to apply a redistributive lens.	1
The contributions provided by different countries/territories were estimated by focusing on the location of the affiliation of at least one author of the top articles.	0
Based on this view, we go beyond previous IS research by introducing an extended framework with two opposing fragmentation types, (1) lateral fragmentation as a lack of interdependence and (2) hierarchical fragmentation between a manifest central core and a disconnecting periphery (the two types and their measures are introduced in more detail in the section on fragmentation types).	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the very first attempt made to reconstruct the implications that academic labourers' knowledge-sharing practices via social media may have for their working conditions and, hence, for their reproduction as such labourers.	1
Our study is the first to analyse the SICOT Annual International Conference.	1
This leaves the one valid root ^g2 in the interval ^g?	0
The best policy would be to use a random sample of queries; however, currently there are no known methods to create a truly random sample of Web queries.	0
The limitation of study area is very common in keywords, which is the characteristic for regional issues research.	0
We thank the anonymous reviewer for his/her interesting comments on a previous version of the manuscript.	0
The mean of the reviewers' preliminary scores was 3.85 (standard deviation [SD] 0.89) in panel A and 3.86 (0.98) in panel B.	0
The proof is based on relations (2), (3) and can be found in [1], Exercise II.2.2.6 or in [7] where a proof is given in the Appendix.	0
In the interest of updating and complimenting King and Hug1 and Pagel and Hudetz,2 we explored several metrics of success with quantitative and qualitative methods.	1
In this table, researchers from China are shown in the bold	0
This way, exploration of latest trends, cluster analysis, citation/ self- citation analysis and approaches would be adopted in future research.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(7):1502–1504, 2010	0
This article analyses the Spanish journals of social work published in Spain.	1
The fact that the short-run citation count provides a better predictor of long-run citations than journal indicator variables is a truly unique result.	1
However, it differs from them in that it exclusively focuses on the importance of Special Issues (SIs) of TFSC.	1
Note however that this number is based on a low number of observations.	0
Table 3 lists the number and funding sources of research coordinators at responding sites.	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
All the authors agree with the content of the manuscript, and they have not conflict of interest to report.	0
To allow such comparisons, we propose a universal metric that takes into account the number of co-authors: the Author Contribution Index (ACI), calculated from the percentage contribution as per Eq.	1
Commercial inquiries or rights and permissions requests should be directed to the individual publisher as copyright holder.	0
In this work, a source normalization of the journal impact factor is proposed.	1
Harzing’s PoP7 is free to download, and was used in our investigation of bibliometrics in gastroenterology because it calculates the g-index and hc-index, and provides listings of published papers to help with author disambiguation.	0
For this, it is necessary for planning to be flexible, able to be modified at any moment.	0
But up to now, the publications of French orthopedic and trauma surgeons in orthopedics and outside this discipline have not been analyzed specifically.	1
In this study, by using the newly released article usage counts from the Web of Science platform, firstly, we analyze the usage patterns of scientific papers on WoS platform in the field of Information Science and Library Science.	1
Per O Seglen is at the Institute for Studies in Research and Higher Education, Munthes gt.	0
Among them, w represents the world, m represents the designated country or region, and i represents the industry.	0
The originality of our article is to have applied them at the level of a single article.	1
However, there has not been an investigation of Deviant Behavior.	1
Bryan Dotson, Kevin P McManus, Jing J Zhao, and Peter Whittaker	0
We are grateful to our interviewees for sharing their time and thoughts with us this research would not have been possible without them.	0
Our data demonstrate that membership in the AAS positively impacts the academic metrics of junior and midlevel surgical faculty regardless of subspecialty.	1
Published in a first integrated research, ?A new approach to bibliometrics based on semantic similarity of scientific papers", the Article Relevance Factor defines a new measure for scientific relevance, calculated at article level (Avram, et al., 2012):	1
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Qi Zhou.	0
Like most of other scientific areas, the literature of physics and astronomy is traditionally largely based on journal publications.”	0
This article evaluates the relevance of quantitative factors in explaining the assessed quality of the research environment.	1
Proofs of the above statements are presented in Section 5 along with other considerations on the spectral properties of the record of citations of papers.	0
(2) Three indicators, including structural similarity, topic similarity and sentiment score, are considered to assign weights to CN.	1
*Paper presented at the International Conference on Science Indicators for Developing Countries, Paris, 15-19 October, 1990.	0
In what follows, we detail this method, describe tools employed, and discuss statistics used.	0
An important issue is ensuring that enough examples are provided for authors to be able to construct their reference section according to the specifics of that particular journal, especially if that journal has non-standardized features such as JAMIA, “List all authors when there are six or fewer; otherwise list the first six followed by et al”.	0
We posit that ranking clinical journals based on the frequency of publication of articles of adequate research quality and high clinical relevance has important advantages.	1
A total of 1,218 source titles have published invasion science literature between 1980 and 2020.	0
Yet, our results provide new evidence that global scientific leaders are not sufficiently collaborative in carrying out their big science projects.	1
Regarding WASET conferences, we believe that it is crucial to investigate the current approach to WASET in Turkey—the birthplace of this conference organizer.	1
Search strategy (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses), with reasons for exclusion and inclusion of articles added.	0
The research on which this paper is based was supported by a grant of the Netherlands Ministry of Education and Sciences, Directorate-General for Science Policy, The Hague.	0
This paper will apply those methods, including some innovative variations.	1
Therefore, a simple and practical back-of-the-envelope test for identifying researchers with strategic self-citations is proposed without access to self-citation information.	1
Keywords: Bibliometrics, publication count, citation count, Library and Information Science, subject area, South Korea	0
The authors thank Adrienne Eaton for helpful comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
This paper proposes a novel entitymetrics approach by exclusively focusing on citation sentences.	1
Iceland was not included because of its small size (281,000 inhabitants in 2000).	0
The proposed index should contribute to the multidimensional evaluation of research as demanded by social science and humanities studies (Toledo, 2018).	1
We examine a variety of factors related to perceived unwarranted exclusion from co-author credit and unwarranted inclusion, providing an empirically-informed conceptual model to explain co-author crediting outcomes.	1
In this study we introduced a method for rescaling the dynamics of scientific fields to normalized population and temporal scale.	1
In conclusion, this study demonstrated that the encroaching “fourth threat” of overwhelming administrative demands is not a threat to the traditional triple threat for the department chairs of surgery.	1
It shows a notable process of brain gain by the end of that period, which is discussed in terms of a new contribution to the design of science policies in emerging regions worldwide.	1
This study differs from Young, Baird, and Pullman (1996) and Hsieh and Chang (2009), in that the journals we consider are those shown in prior studies to be the most respected outlets for OM research.	1
It consists of three steps: Pose a question, collect data to answer the question, and present an answer to the question”.	0
Significant positive correlations between citations and publications over the 2003–2013 period and the 2011–2012 and were found also a significant positive correlation between the ratio of citations and publications (2011–2012) by JCR impact factor of each journal, this data, reaching air = 0.6007 (p < 0.0001), in which demonstrates the importance of plant breeding projects for the JCR value of each magazine.	1
The Nobel Committees did not name any relevant publications as official justification.	0
Gaining a better understanding of the types of organizations that are publishing OA journals, particularly those able to fund publication by means other than charging APCs, can help in making sense of the sources of support for OA publishing and the various options for publishing high quality OA journals.	1
I should add that these two studies virtually exhaust the systematic scholarly work on this topic during this period.	0
Special thanks to Ed Hackett and an anonymous reviewer for the comments on the submitted manuscript.	0
*Correspondence to: Julio Rodríguez, Departamento de Estadística y Econometría, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, C/Madrid 126, 28903 Getafe, Madrid, Spain.	0
Aiming to better understand evergreens in particular and patterns of citation trajectory in general, this paper develops a functional data analysis method to cluster citation trajectories of a sample of 1699 research papers published in 1980 in the American Physical Society (APS) journals.	1
An elongated ellipse labeled “A” is drawn in Figure 3 to enclose these colleges.	0
Our findings might provide a relatively impartial look at this question using novel methodologies and potentially benefit all of the stakeholders cited above.	1
FIGURE 8 Heatmap of coefficients of metric for each Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) coloured according to value.	0
The squares represent measured quantities, while the ovals are conceptual variables	0
Although previous studies have investigated the coverage of various data sources, the quality of citations is underexplored.	1
Using algorithms in the domain of NLP as our focal point, this paper pioneers exploring how specific algorithm entities are mentioned in academic research.	1
Originality/value – The study reveals some best practices leading to recommendations to help academic libraries combat predatory publishing and improve scholarly publishing literacy among researchers.	1
To uncover how financial resources affect knowledge production, we study the effects of research spending itself.	1
This is an interesting finding as, in the literature, religious views are hardly mentioned when discussing research misconduct.	1
In addition, the study was not conceived as a comparative citation analysis but merely an illustrative examination of the most highly cited works.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:380143 []	0
For instance, Canadian firms usually file patents with the U.S Patent and Trademark Office22 first and this may assist in understanding the low amount of patent documents from Canada, which already has a nanocrystalline cellulose pilot plant1?.	0
(2018), but here we added description of each category and discussed insights in transition of categories between periods.	0
Such new sources of data may shed new light on, or reveal hidden aspects of, social processes and organization of science by shifting from micro- and meso- levels to a macro perspective, covering the entire population or multiple aspects of multidimensional phenomena.	1
If so, how can a journal have several quality levels at the same time?	0
We provided data on article retractions from three different angles, including publication, journal and retraction characteristics.	1
Reviewers were not asked in advance whether they would or were able to perform the review, but the manuscript and the editor's cover letter were sent to them by regular mail, or airmail for transcontinental destinations.	0
This paper attempts to “plug this gap", by estimating how much the h-index is sensitive to dirty data in databases.	1
Disclosure: None of the authors has any financial declarations or conflicts of interest related to the contents of this article.	0
The vertical axis records the number of online article views and the horizontal axis gives the age of the material consulted.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
In addition, new tools and strategies have been used by open access journals and repositories to showcase how science can benefit from free online dissemination.	1
Here, I propose that it is the unit in a piece-rate scheme of exchange within the Mertonian reward system of science and, at the same time, as a device of the communication system of science.	1
Further procedures are conducted to test the robustness of the results.	0
Yet there is still no comprehensive summary of CHD researches in recent decades via bibliometric approaches.	1
He was not involved in any editorial decisions on the manuscripts analysed in this paper.	0
Toward the above goal, this study contributes to the improvement of the state-of-art methods for measuring the similarity of bilingual textual information in related literature and the identification of the best method from 11 methods for bilingual content comparison based on a large set of scientific resources.	1
Average article length for the Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences (JAS), Monthly Weather Review (MWR), Journal of Applied Meteorology/Journal of Climate and Applied Meteorology (JAM/JCAM), and Journal of Physical Oceanography (JPO).	0
When institutions collaborate, a single article is counted more than once.	0
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Therefore, we used downloads and views to evaluate the influence of China CDC Weekly.	1
Using the Brazilian Researchers' Fellowship databank we show that the gender and diversity both in gender and in geography decreases along the researchers' career.	1
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affil- iations.	0
2 Department of Managerial Economics, Strategy and Innovation, Faculty of Business and Economics, KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium	0
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/WSTL.	0
Besides the above conclusions, we believe that our analysis will also provide useful information and references for researchers in this field.	1
The proposed framework for strategic and organizational management in scientific research can offer real-time measurement of the activities and broad coverage over many fields.	1
In comparison to the existing studies, especially with respect to Schoenfelder (2018), closest to our paper, we extended her perspective by incorporating the role of market power in the evolution and proliferation of open access publishing.	1
Although the researches of gastric disease remain one of the major concerns in the medical and health fields in recent decades, there is a paucity of literature concerning top article citations on gastric disease, yet there is still no comprehensive summary of gastric disease researches in recent decades via bibliometric analysis.	1
This study is notable because it is one of the few altmetric studies that looked at how international policy institutions in the health sector used the internet for information seeking and sharing from the perspective of actor-document networks.	1
The concept of "social impact" of an article and its measure yield an effective way to analyze the impact of papers in a citation structure.	1
Results provide further evidence for the diversity of people and practice involved in this domain of science and indicate that the magnitude and breadth of the public's impact may be larger than previously projected.	1
Third, the suggested dilemmas in academic training add to the literature on the sociology of science and education (Fox, 1992; Hackett, 1990).	1
When I first started my academic career, the phrase 'publish or perish' was the advice given to me by my colleagues, and so I started researching in areas that interested me.	0
While this may be true at the global level in absolute terms (high-income countries perform most of their medical research on diseases that are not the ones with a higher global disease burden), sub-Saharan African researchers are performing research in diseases in accordance with their regional health needs.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first evaluation and validation of a questionnaire measuring publication pressure among medical scientists.	1
Therefore, our method of structural topic modelling combined with a cosine similarity-based regression framework offers potential, generally, for applications in scientometrics and higher education research.	1
This research was funded in part by the British Ecological Society, the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station and the School of Information Science at the University of Kentucky.	0
The present article relies on and complements J?rvelin and Vakkari's analysis in observing the year 2005.	1
For more detail on the data matching and cleaning procedures, see Kaltenberg et al.	0
At this time there are many loose ends in the analysis.	0
H. M. Jorge: Priority setting for education in applied physics ...	0
The drafting of the definitive list of institutions has required some screening of the ISI WOS data for the following reasons:	0
The ALMetrics we propose here should be included in the Altmetrics movement, the latest trend in the bibliometric world (Martín-Martín et al., 2016; Delgado-López-Cózar; Martín-Martín, 2016).	1
The attempts in [1] and [5] to define variables for collaborative measures are quite different: [1] uses	0
Importantly, this represents one possible area for growth, in that otolaryngology departments may consider increased recruitment of basic scientists interested in rhinosinusitis as a means to facilitate greater scholarship in this area.	1
be the number of geographical areas with authors in the byline of the publication.	0
An interesting observation is that despite publications on hydrogen occurring since 1935 [18], the growth of this research field ignited with the Kyoto Protocol of 1997 [38].	1
Regarding these different characteristics, the novel approach of citation sentence-based entitymetrics thus provides insights which cannot be captured via conventional method.	1
The second point is that, whilst we are confident that good statistical advice was available to the REF panel, future exercises may find it useful not to try too hard to ensure that all raters are of the same severity/leniency (as they never will be), but rather to accept the judgements, after extensive discussions and consultations, and to make nuanced statistical adjustments to take account of individual severity/leniency based on sufficient data.	1
This study elaborates the ranking of the national medical universities.	1
In this evolving paradigm, new metrics have been developed to better characterize an article's impact across multiple platforms.	1
What differentiates this study from the extant literature is a more accurate bibliometric measure of scholarly impact and consideration of the moderating role of personal variables.	1
7 The map of keyword co-occurrences associated with the Covid-19 literature	0
Our findings will serve as a benchmark for future work that will evaluate and compare the h-index of academic radiology departments from other academic centres.	1
The aim is to clear up common misunderstandings and offer insights to policymakers and decision-makers in charge of defining how research should be evaluated.	1
(2) Through analyzing the correlation between CD indicators and other citation diffusion indicators, we investigate the feasibility and rationality of employing CD to explain the durability of citation diffusion.	1
This study employs a novel method to assess business ethics journals: 83 Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) business schools provided their internally developed journal lists (IDJ lists) that were used to evaluate faculty research, and the submitted lists were then analyzed for the presence and assessment of business ethics journals.	1
The hjif-index is thus an extension of the well-known h-index, and can be conceptualized as a natural marker of highly relevant journals within a given JCR group.	1
It also shows that the success-index should not be viewed as one impact measure but as infinite impact measures capable of comprising many well-known impact measures.	1
This supports the idea that GS data can be used to reliably rank journals that are not included in Scopus or Web of Science.	1
Keywords Allometry · Citation-based impact · Power-law · Self-similarity · JCR journals	0
Our approach for tracing the evolution of a research field with a keyword co-occurrence network can shed light on identifying and assessing the evolution of science.	1
This article has been accepted for publication in a future issue of this journal, but has not been fully edited.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(11):1470-1486, 2006	0
Moreover, this study treats software entities as knowledge units, explores the diffusion patterns of software entities in the academic communication system, and helps present a more complete picture of the communication patterns which surround diverse research outputs.	1
In addition to studying temporal evolution of network measures pertaining to RCNs, we also devised a quantitative"diversity" measure to model the trend of cross-disciplinary collaborations.	1
We followed the guidelines by Cohen (1988) on the strength of association.	0
Here I provide conclusive evidence that the vast portion of the previously reported uncitedness can be attributed to the database records of items, which no one expects to be cited, including meeting abstracts, biographic items, editorials, etc.	1
This study also provides a scientific and reasonable calculation method to present a more operational and practical difference analysis and evaluation of journals, compared with the current approaches.	1
In the present context only the results of INFROSS and DISISS that may have a bearing upon the question of the internationality of social science knowledge are considered.	0
Despite the importance of this determination in allocating funding, little research has explored how reviewers derive their assigned ratings for the applications they review or whether this assessment is consistent when the same application is evaluated by different sets of reviewers.	1
Bolded names are new, italicized names were in the top 5 in McCain, 2018b (see Appendix 2 for a full set of comparisons)	0
Our research further extends the boundary of the legitimacy construct of institutional theory in scientific research.	1
Second, this study makes use of the revised version of the Multi-Dimensional Research Agendas Inventory (Horta & Santos, 2020), and as such introduces two new variables of interest academia-orientation and society-orientation.	1
Not at all Very little A little Somewhat ■To a great extent	0
This article presents a simple framework, based on existing standards that can be easily integrated into common research workflows to capture technician contributions.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Business School, University of Shanghai for Science and Technology, Shanghai 200093, People's Republic of China	0
We introduce life cycle indicators to analyze positioning and dynamics of research organizations.	1
Scientific output analysis of the current research productivity of physiotherapists will allow the construction of baseline indicators in this area of knowledge and professional practice.	1
MSI, Faculty of Business and Economics, KU Leuven, Naamsestraat 69, 3000 Leuven, Belgium	0
(4) Agreement to be accountable for all aspects of the work thereby ensuring that questions related to the accuracy or integrity of any part of the work are appropriately investigated and resolved: Drs.	0
When applicable, it was recorded whether stated outcome measures were objective or subjective, whether a statistically significant difference between study group outcomes was reported, and whether authors made clear clinical recommendations based on study findings.	0
Figure 1: Number of journal papers published by two anonymous professors in the logistics / transport field between 2009 and 2013 and classified by ABS journal ranking.	0
In both cases, Carbo and Belkin occupy the respective pole positions.	0
This paper constructed evaluation system of software impact by analyzing the feasibility of Altmetrics evaluation, to take open source software as a serious point of evaluation.	1
The results of this survey with 283 scientists show that less established researchers tend to be frequently more worried about practices of peer review and conditions for distributing funding.	1
First, we identified a processual pattern which indicates that in order for a nation to gain visibility in leading IB journals, it often requires initial collaboration with North American authors.	1
A systematic analysis was conducted of changes in the distribution of publications and citations among income categories devised by the World Bank, and across geographical world regions.	1
but rather to take a pragmatic approach with which present day scientists, academics and researchers can identify.	0
First, this study proposes a generalized approach to analyzing knowledge integration relationships between two fields through the decomposed knowledge network layers of the two fields.	1
We use a 50:50 DC + SA hybrid measure that our most recent study found to be more accurate than either a pure citation-based measure or pure text-based measure16.	1
By adopting a semi-automatic process early on, ZU Library has been able to populate the repository with over 5300 records and 1000 full text files in a short period of time without any author involvement.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 62(2):236–245, 2011	0
This paper presents a method for deriving meta-rankings of journals by solving consensus optimization problems.	1
This paper suggests that the social impact of academic research can be demonstrated by describing research activities in terms of their epistemological, artefactual and institutional-interactional dimensions: (1) the epistemological viewpoint concentrates on an increased understanding of the relevant phenomena related to societal problems; (2) the artefactual viewpoint pays attention to the instruments, methods, products or services that are transferred from university to society; and (3) the institutional-interactional dimension concerns the form of collaboration networks and field-specific institutions through which researchers interact with societal actors.	1
Red de Revistas Científicas de América Latina, el Caribe, Espa?a y Portugal	0
Tractenberg ret7@georgetown.edu Building D, Suite 207, Georgetown University – Neurology, 4000 Reservoir Road NW, Washington, DC 20057, USA.	0
It is of interest that Professor Jared Diamond describes many difficulties that composers have encountered in their attempts to have their works published or supported by grants.	0
Nevertheless, the use of author affiliations to assess the reputation of institutions and journals has been widely accepted and applied in many academic disciplines and by many authors.	1
Thus, we proved that the esteem factor-approach (Approach 1), can be successfully complemented with an overlaying citation analysis of the research output (Approach 2) and a combination of both approaches is favourable for identifying research strengths.	1
To the best of our knowledge, such relationships were not examined in the field of rheumatology recently.	1
This study also helps provide insight into who is likely to spearhead improvements in how RCTs are conducted.	1
* Correspondence to: GRAPES, rue de la Belle Jardiniere, B-4031 Liege, Federation Wallonie-Bruxelles, Belgium.	0
Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, and Long Beach, Calif.; and Lexington, Ky.	0
Pion is research associate professor, Department of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee.	0
Our current work of defining and calculating the minimum representative size can easily be extended to studies on other journal-level metrics, whether the underlining distribution is Normal or not.	1
As a tool for viewing where the academic field is today, bibliometric analysis can calibrate the disciplinary and field orientations of public policy journals.	1
Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2020.101012.	0
To that end, this paper aims to investigate the influencing factors in the integrated process of scientific paper dissemination from academia to social media, which can aid in understanding the dissemination process and predict the diffusion effects.	1
This section discusses the results presented above in terms of a novel contribution to the design of science policies in emerging regions worldwide.	1
This bibliometric study provides comprehensive information on the intellectual domain and research landscape on self-sufficient fish feed and also shows how interest in this research topic and similar ones is growing.	1
(2015) into three new indicators capable of quantifying the topological structures in a bi-layer network, namely fundamentality, speciality, and sociality.	1
On this basis, the authors proceeded with Australia as a relatively uniform and substantial jurisdiction that has made progressively impacts on the field over an extended period.	0
This study identified the influence of the main concepts contained in Zipf's classic 1949 book entitled Human Behavior and the Principle of Least Effort (HBPLE) on library and information science (LIS) research.	1
As part of this, libraries must see themselves as key players in the production of scholarly information.	0
The results show that COVID-19 studies period show different characteristics compared with those of non-COVID-19 papers, i.e.	1
1 show that the development and implementation of specific DSS are influenced by the specific DSS application development, DSS theory, and contributing disciplines.	0
Note: Calculated according to the method of Rakas and Hain (2019).	0
Where CB (v) is the betweenness of node ; gjk (v) is a binary variable, denotes whether the shortest path of node j and k passes through node v.	0
We modify the well-known open-system Leontief Input-Output Analysis in economics into a closed-system analysis focusing on eigenvalues and eigenvectors and the effects of removing one subfield.	1
b Institute for Research Policy Studies, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary	0
We have demonstrated that some factors are associated with a higher scientific productivity.	1
1 RN2 of the journals considered for the definition of the weights	0
Finally, we propose a generic BBVI-EM algorithm, which achieves excellent performance on our issue.	1
One is the budgets of university libraries, and the other is user demands within the academic community.	0
Received: 6 July 2024 / Accepted: 10 November 2024 / Published online: 21 November 2024	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:573577 []	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
In the backdrop of the scholarly criticism on predatory publishing as a global trend, the present study is conceptualized to investigate prevalent malpractices of predatory publishing in Pakistan using Bourdieu's (1991) concept of "symbolic violence" as a theoretical lens.	1
This display offered little insight on commonalities and differences among the MTTs.	0
By exploring the current development of the seafood cold chain logistics field, we strengthen the research gaps in the literature and propose future research directions.	1
This informed the need for the present study.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
A unique feature is the use of longitudinal data to decompose changes in researcher quality into contributions arising from the entry, exit and quality transformations of retained researchers, and their impacts on convergence or divergence of research quality across universities and disciplines.	1
Although there is already a relevant bibliometric analysis in Web of Science (WoS) on the subject, which is carried out by Fatori? and Seekamp [25] and covers up to 2015, the contribution of this work is important and novel.	1
This paper introduces a novel framework for assessing temporal diversity in scholarly research.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
Unfortunately, at the moment these are created in an ad-hoc manner with no underlying rigour.	1
Oh, PhD, Vascular Biology and Hypertension Branch, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, 6701 Rockledge Dr, Room 8106, Bethesda, MD 20892.	0
From the Department of Dermatology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass.	0
The research proposes a multi-layered “dependency-sensitivity-conflict" framework, introducing risk sensitivity and spatial conflict as new dimensions to traditional importance assessments.	1
This study is also the first one to compare China’s CSCD and CSSCI with their international counterparts SCI and SSCI in terms of publication frequency and number of articles per issue.	1
In this process, almost all researchers were able to give a name to a cluster and were able to provide us with an explanation of the content, therefore we consider that the clusters are feasible, but are not perfect, proxies to represent research areas.	0
To this end, we used additional datasets to calculate three indicators probing the clinical relevance of the works.	0
Herein, we report our statistics and demonstrate that AAS members have high academic productivity but that there may be well-defined areas of potential growth.	1
The study received the ethical approval of CREA Ethical Committee with reference number 20210111.	0
Unlike Franceschet and Costantini (2010) who found a general positive association between a paper’s author set cardinality the citation impact, we observe that documents with fewer authors usually have the highest average value of citations per document and year.	1
We contribute to the extant knowledge by building on the studies mentioned above and by extending their scope.	1
This work exemplifies also how scientometric methods can be used to illuminate historic circumstances immediately stimulating scientific research.	1
Received 9 June 2019; Accepted 31 July 2019; Published 9 January 2020	0
Note: The table shows the first 20 universities according to the number of board positions (according to the broad definition).	0
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The Review of Economic Studies Limited.	0
The development of a well-known periodical is an easier matter than the starting of a new one;	0
Here we use an innovative method that was recently proposed to identify translational science in biomedicine (Ke, 2019).	1
Our analysis shows a highly skewed distribution of altmetric scores where most papers have such low scores that the scores likely convey little meaningful information.	1
The highest value for citation by first author and year was 23.	0
Distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution NonCommercial License 4.0 (CC BY-NC).	0
This extreme manner cannot be observed in the other two lists that we have analysed (Figs 2 and 3).	0
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Although previous analyses about a similar topic were made by Koca et al.,[7] the distribution according to orthopedics subgroups was not examined[8] and the aforementioned authors had access problems to the thesis database.	1
ICRT is the first technique to identify main research issues in each scholarly article, and based on the identified issues, conduct overlapping clustering for the articles.	1
Moreover, the variable of perceived behavioral control was substituted with the Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) literacy variable, which is measured using Internet, computer and information literacy.	1
Further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the author(s) and the published article's title, journal citation, and DOI.	0
The use of Google Maps to depict knowledge concept maps for the target journal is a new and innovative approach.	1
The final aim is to propose a weighted generalization of the Euclidean Index that at least partially relieves some of the issues raised by Ng and Andersen, but in a way that leverages the best of the Perry-Reny axioms and the generalized mean function.	1
This study presents a methodology that can be used to characterize emergent topics within the context of a contemporaneous, global micro-model of the scientific literature.	1
A notable contribution of this study was the combination of multinational authorship and author credit systems.	1
The novelty of our research can be summarized as follows.	1
One should be aware that time must elapse after publication of a paper before a meaningful citation analysis can be made.	0
The framework addresses the lack of a trust perspective in previous research about academic web profiles.	1
Li / Journal of English for Academic Purposes 13 (2014) 41-52	0
Section 3 describes the materials and methods used in our investigation.	0
The authors acknowledge Marcia Epelbaum, Elizabeth Frakes, AHIP, Sheila Kusnoor, Patricia Lee, and Helen Naylor for their valuable feedback and contributions to SPI-Hub data entry.	0
We also note that Slovenian agricultural scientists publish predominantly in non-domestic publications (Bartol 2010).	0
In Section 4, we illustrate the method and field of analysis.	0
However this is a luxury that nobody can afford to repeat many times, so we enquire of professors, senior colleagues and friends, as other people know more and different people may have different opinions.	0
Following this, we operationalize the collaboration direction based on the academic ages of collaborators, and innovatively investigate directed collaboration patterns in funded teams and seek to shed light on research policies towards collaborative funding projects.	1
J. Feeley provided thoughtful comments that improved various versions of this article.	0
To address this concern, we propose establishing a new system to track the outcomes of rejected manuscripts, allowing us to better understand their “fates”.	1
By addressing this knowledge gap, we want to reframe current discussions on what research quality means in the humanities, and what it meant in the past.	1
This study focuses on the situation of OA publishing among the Spanish research community, analyzing the impact of such output as well as comparing international collaboration patterns between gold OA papers and the overall production of Spain.	1
(The disciplines are ordered according to the percentage in the four leading publishing countries)	0
We introduce a solution to this problem by adopting a coauthorship credit allocation model proposed by Kim and Diesner (2014), which in its core conceptualizes coauthoring as a directed, weighted, and self-looped network.	1
The findings provide important insight into understanding the dynamics of professional networks and the role of networks on career success among academic scientists.	1
This can also be seen in the visualization of the co-authorship networks of each journal in the Appendix.	0
Downloaded by University of Florida At 02:31 07 August 2017 (PT)	0
This study proposes a new approach of measuring the novelty of scientific articles based on both citation data and text data.	1
Received: 2 August 2011/Accepted: 15 September 2011/Published online: 29 September 2011	0
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
This function is fitted by a log-Gumbel distribution with parameter values v?h,C = 0.08 and τ?h,C = 0.14 (dashed line).	0
The following section reports on the data processing methods utilised in these studies, and highlights methodological issues we will be investigating in more detail through our own analysis of primary citation data.	0
In two cases, relative citation impact has remained constant (Tunisia, Algeria); and in one case, it increased (Kenya).	0
On the one hand this results strengthens previous finding on the positive relationship between conscientiousness and research productivity, on the other hand it makes a contribution to the literature with the focus on doctoral students, a population that have received little attention in the both the scientometric literature and psychological literature on the relationship between conscientiousness and work/academic performance.	1
Table 1 List of core medical journals publising gastroenterology papers, in descending order of five year impact factor, in the top two impact categories (W4 and W3)	0
On average, the bottom tier selected at least one less professional option on 34% of items.	0
In the present investigation, without entering into the recursive or repeated improvement aspect, we propose that from a fractionalized author-paper network we can compare observed or actual paper citations with an expected citation rate based on the standing of the authors and therefore ascertain a relative citation rate.	1
Third, by analyzing the difference among collaborators' research interests before the tie was formed, our proposed measure of collaboration interdisciplinarity can better capture the degree of interdisciplinarity of a collaboration tie even though a collaborator's research interest may have changed over time.	1
Therefore, we propose a graphical article-level metric (gALM), which captures the impact and popularity of papers from scientific and social aspects.	1
Smith, 5 Horton Drive, Middleton Cheney, Banbury, Oxfordshire OX17 2LP, UK.	0
Compared with previous studies, our marginal contributions are mainly lie in the following aspects.	1
Keywords: International collaboration; Scientometrics; Social network analysis; Hierarchical clustering; Essential Science Indicators.	0
Estimated web site sizes as reported by the Google API on 30 June 2005	0
Second, we focus on the consequences of university commitment to IDR, rather than exploring its origins and antecedents.	1
The c-index calculation considers author position in weighting author contribution.	1
The minimal stable knowledge units embedded in scientific papers have advantages in mining knowledge usage and capturing the microscopic differences among contents.	1
Enhancing GNN training using balanced batches, our methodology ensures the model learns from well-proportioned subsets of data.	1
Importantly, this work, as a thorough investigation of the nomological net of several creative quality indicators, provides a good starting point for related future research.	1
As for the state funds, an equal opportunity of RMB 300,000 or more state support should be offered, in which a detailed criterion to evaluate a journal's performance should be proposed, such as the funds should be assessed by the ROI in terms of the journal rank and IF in its relevant field.	1
In a previous paper,1 I developed a statistical criterion for the reliability of differences between the mean citation frequencies of two sets of papers and showed that sometimes statistically unjustified conclusions have been drawn in the past.	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, we have not found any article that analyzes the scientific production of Mexico, global or recent and with Scopus as a specific database, nor the production in collaboration with its strategic countries in science and technology.	1
This work has explored the nexus between research collaboration and productivity, in particular by comparing the behavior of TSs of the different fields with that of their less productive colleagues.	1
We thus conclude our study with a call to the Brazilian Education community to aim at publishing in internationally-recognized venues, to use internationally-recognized parameters to assess the quality of journals, and to push policies aligned with such objectives.	0
This study highlights two mixed dangers: one of compressing performance to numbers in an essentially reductive process, and the other of the possible bias and prejudices involved in what is often a subjective peer-review process.	1
This study presents insight into the historical development of diabetes research, and provides foundations for further investigations.	1
Since publications and citations are influential in the career progression of academic scientists, we have a unique opportunity to follow up these previous reports by a more in-depth gender analysis focussed through the publication process from submission to review to community interest.	1
A second step is required in which experts verify which publications genuinely played a significant part in a research field.	0
By focusing on UNC Charlotte's process and proposing a framework for this work, this article will suggest practical measures for developing and advocating for open access policies at research institutions with more hesitancy and fewer resources that would nevertheless benefit immensely from an expanded culture of openness.	1
This paper examines how federal statistics is used in scholarly research via a new type of citation analysis that leverages the strengths of information aggregators, like Altmetric LLP, in looking for evidence of government information use beyond traditional citations/references.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
As of publication, we have yet to encounter an empirical study that can solve the problem of quantifying co-author contributions (Sekercioglu, 2008) in academics.	1
We suggest that rank transformation increases the effectiveness of this scientometric technique to reveal the scope of historical impact of seminal works by allowing researchers to simultaneously consider results from multiple RPYS analyses.	1
This paper partially relies on cited work done in collaboration with Jean-Philippe Cointet, Carla Taramasco and Paul Bourgine.	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
4 School of Economics and Management, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, People's Republic of China	0
Discriminant analysis was used to assess the significance of the variables used in the cluster analyses.	0
Recently we attempted to deal with this shortcoming, by applying a funnel plot methodology to measure and visualize uncertainty in the research performance of the institutions.	1
In this paper we focused on providing evidence -at least to some extent-to solve the productivity puzzle in biochemistry and biophysical sciences in Argentina.	1
However, future similar investigations for other scholarly communications are required to further support these results.	0
* Henceforth, we dispense with mentioning the alternative type of function.	0
In this section, we present a series of confirmatory and exploratory experiments conducted to validate the methodology outlined previously.	0
As these requests evolved in complexity due to the nature of organizational and scientific research impact demands, library staff recognized an opportunity to expand the library's offerings to form two distinct services with product deliverables.	1
The results offer insights into the method's efficiency and highlight potential directions for future research in sustainable extraction practices.	1
This study investigated whether specific characteristics of review papers induce different results in citation-based analysis.	1
There are few published bibliometric studies in bioethics literature and none evaluating the scholarship arising from international bioethics training programs.	1
For further analysis, the data were exported from Endnote into R (R V.2.15.1, http://www.r-project.org/).	0
*Corresponding Authors: Amir Kasaeian, Email: amir_kasaeian@yahoo.com; and Majid Sorouri, Email: msorurip@gmail.com	0
This mixed-methods study provides a cross-sectional view of the careers and experiences of funded and unfunded FAER grant applicants.	1
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
Acknowledgments: We thank the assistance of Academic Affairs Office of Chengdu University of Technology.	0
It sought ways to connect WHAT (acknowledgments made in the literature) with WHO (the recipient of the acknowledgments) and from WHOM (the article authors) at a level of detail not reported in previous acknowledgment studies.	1
Note.—Data are given only for those individuals who had articles published.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/301731437	0
Specifically, this study attempts to address the following three research questions:	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/advance-article/doi/10.1093/reseval/rvae021/7670652 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 20 May 2025	0
We propose the Article's Scientific Prestige (ASP) metric, based on the recent advances in eigenvector centrality (or Pagerank) and optimization to address this large-scale data analysis challenge with computational tractability.	1
An extended version of a paper presented at the 13th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Durban (South Africa), 4–7 July 2011 (Liu S.	0
Year dummy variables were also included in all models to control for temporal effects, although we do not report the estimates.	0
The numbers refer to unique working papers, i.e, no double counting	0
Reconstructing the journal publication record of 14,271 graduates from U.S. and Canadian Ph.D.-granting economics departments from 1986 to 2000, we obtain strong evidence of productivity decrease as we compare younger to older cohorts.	1
Contributed by Anton Zeilinger, October 24, 2019 (sent for review August 19, 2019; reviewed by Ebrahim Karimi and Terry Rudolph)	0
To the best of our knowledge, this detailed large-scale analysis of scientific success for both authors and papers together is the first in the field and has the potential to open up numerous research directions.	1
This study has revealed the degree of use of URLs in patents for the first time, along with certain descriptive aspects (e.g., in which sections they are mainly included and to which websites they are directed).	1
Care has been exercised to examine the data collected to assure their identity.	0
This manuscript provides objective benchmark data regarding research productivity of academic RTP.	1
In the third stage, two new empirical equations are suggested for measuring research performance of universities.	1
The strong differentiation of scholarly contributions in LIS hints to the fragmentation of LIS as a discipline.	1
Laband and Tollison 2000), we found substantial differences in the pattern of external funding for single-authored and co-authored articles.	1
He is also lecturer at the Humboldt-University in Berlin, and the Technical Universities in Karlsruhe and Berlin.	0
The trend was expected since the English language has an unquestionable role as the lingua franca of research and academic communication globally (Karoly et al.	0
The practical use of the ARIMA model is the prediction of citation counts that we address in the next section.	0
This procedure resulted in the identification of 33 editorial board members.	0
This paper can be downloaded without charge from the Social Science Research Network electronic library at http://ssrn.com/abstract=1777090	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The analysis offered in this paper provides a compelling insight into the development of PPC, and provides useful information for editors, readers and authors.	1
This is one of the aspects in which Altmetrics studies should focus their attention from now on.	1
In this paper, we implement a multi-bibliometric methodology for the evaluation of such a list of journal grades.	1
Based on the argument that a publication cannot influence itself through a citation cycle, the SimSPC algorithm is proposed to weight citation arcs by counting simple search paths.	1
(2006), ours allows identifying functional rather than physical groups.	1
It should be said that although greater network size is desirable, the quality of the individuals, in terms of power or performance, is crucial for social capital.	0
This paper will hopefully help researchers understand the research patterns of this journal.	1
Thus, this paper, largely meant to be an opinion piece, has laid the ground for future systematic research on the part of the Harbingers group.	1
I gratefully acknowledge the helpful critical comments of the anonymous reviewers of this journal.	0
What can be concluded from the time changes in the individual indicators?	0
To avoid the current equal evaluation of all citations, the aim of the present study is to design an evaluation model that can analyze both the semantic and syntactic citation structures to determine taxonomic citation categories that can replace traditional citation counting.	1
This trend is the result of an increase in PMC content from journals that are not indexed in MEDLINE and not a result of author manuscripts submitted to PMC in compliance with public access policies.	1
Children's Hospital Informatics Program and Department of Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, 75 Francis Street, Boston, MA 02115, USA	0
In the period 2008-2011, the proportion of OA papers at the world level was 43%, and the Croatian sample with 60% of OA papers was the third largest (following Macedonia and Brazil).	1
1 Department of Radiology, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, 32 Fruit St., Boston, MA 02114.	0
This paper investigates the history, deployment, and content of institutional repositories (IRs) in public universities in South Africa.	1
Most other work has used country-of-origin for published articles, excluding work that was submitted but ultimately withdrawn or rejected for publication consideration.	1
In the present study, an attempt has been made to quantify the delay between receipt of a manuscript for publication and subsequent publication in different journals published by CSIR-NISCAIR.	1
In contradistinction, this contribution intend to grasp one novel feature of contemporary capitalism by remaining within the framework of the Critique of Political Economy, drawing upon its theoretical and methodological foundations.	1
* Corresponding author at: Community and Regional Development University of California, Davis, CA 95616, United States.	0
The latter tends to be more selective; both had curve fits with high correlations.	0
This premise overcomes the problem that the citations record can be reduced in time when the basic idea is so spread out that citations to the original work are not required or used in research publications anymore.	1
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV NEBRASKA LIBRARIES on April 9, 2015	0
This list of the top 50 most cited articles in orthopedic cartilage surgery provides seminal papers in the field for historical purposes, identifying authors and topics that have had profound influence on the progression of the field in the past 50 years.	1
The bibliometric values by academic rank can be seen in Figure 1 and Table 3.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cupr20	0
The findings depict journals' strengths and weaknesses in relation to the editorial profile, instant references, layout quality, exclusive features, academic profile, and miscellaneous features.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 42 times since 2006*	0
Unlike many previous studies that examined absolute numbers, this analysis focuses on per capita output, providing a deeper understanding of country-level productivity.	1
It is seen that this measure is independent of Pearson's correlation (Seglen 1997) and gives a more quantitative refinement of the Type I and Type II classification of Smith (Financ Manag 133–149, 2004).	1
The next section of this work describes in detail the data, methodological approach and measures employed.	0
It was demonstrated that there is no correspondence among the highlighted institutions in patent applications, patents granted and number of citations, as well as among entities with the highest number of papers, highly cited papers and number of citations.	1
Results are then presented, in turn, for each research question, and are followed by a general discussion and conclusions.	0
A conceptual framework comprising core and peripheral concepts in the field of CSCW is also presented.	0
To the best of our knowledge, no research has presented recent data at detailed levels of analysis (bibliometrics, altmetrics, and citation analysis) from the medical sciences.	1
Loet Leydesdorff of the University of Amsterdam for providing access to the data set.	0
Databases themselves are not always clean and we have encountered records with obvious erroneous locations as previously noted.	0
Consider a list of three journals associated with the matrix of citations C = (cij) and the vector of reference intensities u = (ui) such that:	0
This work represents the first bibliometric assessment of Mexican breast cancer research.	1
By uncovering that learning occurred within the PPP in phases and through division of labor, I address Xiao et al.’s (2022) concern that researchers have yet to explore the role of learning in identifying a new product’s components and architecture.	1
China is leading this process, which is as yet insufficiently understood in studies of science.	1
This article explored how journals try to shape peer review, by analysing instructions for reviewers included in the reviewer guidelines (RG) of 46 management journals.	1
This manuscript is dedicated to the memory of Guy Ben Ari, a close friend and colleague, and the inspiration for this research.	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Lu Zhou on 03 June 2022.	0
On the basis of these studies, we aim to explore the impact of inbreeding drawing on a case study of detailed longitudinal data of lab membership and members' careers in a university department in Japan.	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
In contrast with the existing literature, it looked directly at the citations of the faculty members as a measure of their academic performance.	1
I am grateful to the Science and Technology Center of the National Science Council of Taiwan for providing the ISI database, and the hospitality at the Department of Physics, Simon Fraser University.	0
This paper describes our work towards incorporating multiple time-dependent and -independent features of publications into a model to identify candidate breakthrough papers as early as possible following publication.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (?):-, 2012	0
My goal was to try to elicit new analytical objects that re-describe publication ethics as a form of expertise, beyond (and despite) the rehearsed axioms of its now well-established professional field.	1
Rather than continue a tendency to characterize the phenomenon of predatory publishing as nuisance, parody, wrongdoing, or liberal advantage, in this paper an alternate interpretation is proposed.	1
In this study, we use a micro-level (individual) approach that relies on the primary (rather than secondary) data collected from European academics in a consistent, internationally comparable format.	1
Furthermore, we conduct the analysis at the individual level, differently from previous studies that, without author's name disambiguation, need to group publications by surname initial.	1
Hence, we are considering two complementary descriptions of the project network, aiming to capture a larger set of properties in the combined model.	1
A modern approach to the traditional bibliometric analysis was also provided in this study by implementing multi-level regression models to test possible associations between TCC, H-, G-, and M-indices with the number of publications and the years in which the authors published their first IIP paper.	1
Despite the vast literature in citation studies, it is rare to find nuanced analyses across disciplines.	1
In this article, we present a prototype system, called visualizing research productivity and impact (VisualRPI), which is designed to clearly visualize researchers’ RPI over a range of various statistics, such as the average number of papers/citations, the average cites per paper/year, etc.	1
Overall, the findings reinforced a need to develop composite measures of scholarly impact, to reduce excessive focus on methodologies and techniques, to incentivize developing ideas important to external constituencies, and to introduce more applications of theories to practice.	1
While the metrics used in this study suggest some level of unsustainability within Vietnam’s social science communities, they nonetheless offer for the first time a quantitative way to identify both the productivity and sustainability of the local research networks.	1
In contrast to the resource-dependency argument that systems with strong research institutes without teaching obligations and funds primarily devoted to research should be more productive, we show that it is those systems relying on strong university sectors that are relatively more productive.	1
Notes: R = rank; Cit = Total citations; CLS = Co-citation links.	0
This article presents innovative applications of Social Network Analysis (SNA) methods for understanding the ascent of ambiguous ideas across knowledge communities.	1
The finding here that peer reviewers attended nearly equally to methodological, theoretical, and writing criteria situates it between these prior studies.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Funding This work is supported by the National Social Science Fund of China Grant No.	0
The application of such a system would allow the authors, themselves, to assign the quantitative nature of their contribution.	1
b Department and Graduate School of Accountancy, College of Commerce, National Chengchi University, P.O.	0
This study is one in an ongoing series whose goal is to identify the top scholars and institutions in the field of SSE.	0
However, this hypothesis is inconsistent with our second quantitative finding that on average there is a statistically significant decrease in the relative impact of each subsequent publication (S < 0) when conditioning on the publication number n.	1
This article analyses cognitive structures and specialisation profiles using the Activity Index (AI), based on the publications and on the use of keywords at global and country levels.	1
For more details of the measurement, please refer to Table 2.	0
By incorporating results from four different analysis approaches (including Bayesian hierarchical logistic regression analysis, chi-squares tests, ANOSIM tests, and regression tree analysis), we are able to highlight which effects are the most robust.	1
The present paper focuses on a more thorough examination of the scientific output of Romanian scholars and uses this information to further illuminate differences between departments.	1
The analysis reveals the effect of research funding policy on research topics in both topic selection and funding intensity:	1
This refers to the creation of networks among companies and directors (Cárdenas, 2016).	0
Acknowledgements Open access funding provided by Administrative Headquarters of the Max Planck Society.	0
This decrease will be important in teasing out potential explanations for the patterns we see.	0
For an illustration of these relationships, see figure S2 in the OSF repository.	0
Few studies have focused on AIDs (Table 4) and, to the best of our knowledge, no one study has been conducted in France on the topic of AIDs and/or ASNs.	1
These also are listed in Table 3 as a function of the leading source title.	0
However, the reader will have no difficulty in verifying that similarity is not in general transitive (X~Y≠Y~X).	0
when the latent construct is a linear function of the measurement items, but that is not part of this paper.	0
These tools provide novel methods for analyzing international collaboration suitable to the relational structure of the data.	1
Required parts of the interaction plan (SIP) for the first call of the SRC	0
We combine the Integrated Impact Indicator (I3) and the h-index into a single framework for multivariate measurement.	1
To the best of our knowledge, these metrics are newly constructed and thus have never been used in evaluating citation prediction models.	1
In the most thorough analysis of citation predictors in the neurosurgical literature, search engine, LOE, number of centers, number of authors, number of countries, journal impact factor, and month of publication influenced citations 5 years after publication.	1
This can be called “Glory is as Ephemeral as Smoke and Clouds”.	0
This content downloaded from 155.247.166.234 on Tue, 22 Dec 2015 22:18:42 UTC	0
In these countries, they had well thought out plans to train students at schools and universities.	0
In contrast to previous studies, this empirical investigation focused on characteristics of network analysis to examine co-authorship in the field of mathematical finance.	1
We revealed the following facts by comparing the actual and random communities.	1
We also compare our new results with those obtained about 10 years ago by Br?uninger and Haucap (2003) in an almost identical survey among German speaking economists.	1
1 University of Public Service, 2 Ludovika Square, 1083 Budapest, Hungary	0
Thus far, we have not seen any articles completely applying the AWS to any academic discipline in the past.	1
As this is apparently the first study with this analysis approach (all researchers in a country, tracking cohorts from first to last publication, separately by year), it is important to follow up the results by identifying national and disciplinary differences.	1
It provides evidence of gender as a constituent of academic practices relating to authorship, collaboration, and research methods use that in turn shape knowledge production, but which have thus far remained unexplored in tourism.	1
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
We have focused on a group of HSS researchers who chose to be relevant and used their narratives about their motivations and experiences.	1
The adoption of a unified career stage division across fields using a comprehensive dataset is one of the key differentiating finding of our study from previous research on dropout rates (Jadidi et al., 2018; Tovanich et al., 2022; Xing et al., 2019).	1
This study was partially supported by research grants and graduate scholarships from Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico-Brazil (CNPq) and Funda??o Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro-Brazil (FAPERJ).	0
This investigation proposes a new model that uses full-text information to improve ABCA, named enhanced author bibliographic coupling analysis (EABCA).	1
Director of the Institute for Scientific Information, 33 South 17th Street, Philadelphia, PA, USA.	0
All this makes us question the usefulness and precision of the correlation analyses of AutLMs within a discipline that have not taken into account inter-author or intra-author variability to model the multidimensional impact of authors.	1
In contrast with the IF and short-term citations that lack predictive power, we find that c*∞ offers a journal-independent assessment of a paper’s long term impact, with a meaningful interpretation: It captures the total number of citations a paper will ever acquire or the discovery’s ultimate impact.	1
She points out, "Although I know that I'm privileged, I am	0
Therefore, the proposed model can assist experts to identify LTSTs that cannot be recognized through simple fusion.	1
1—Graph shows effect on overall similarity index of including and excluding quotations and references.	0
Given the fact that their citation distributions were similar, it is obvious that an indicator (IF Median) that reflects this similarity must be superior to the classical journal impact factor, which may indicate a nonexisting difference.	1
Second, the rentier model of value production and accumulation I present here sheds new light on the collaborative nature of academic work.	1
More comprehensive studies are necessary to understand the prominence and impacts of these issues outside of the medical literature.	1
It is yet important to expand the evaluation by assessing a greater number of articles from a greater number of journals, as well as to account for more variables related to the number of citations.	1
While studies in other fields have analyzed trends in publishing errors, a comprehensive examination of errors in Otolaryngology—Head and Neck Surgery (OHNS) journals has not yet been performed.	1
As multiple nations may be represented in a single study, the percentages within each period add up to more than 100.	0
However, many relevant differences can be appreciated: first, the importance of neuroscience has been underestimated.	1
The authors received no specific funding for this work other than the unique funding sources from the Funding Information section.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2014	0
thesis and prior research were in the area of content-based image retrieval.	0
Data were expressed using descriptive statistics and checked for normal distribution (i.e., Shapiro-Wilk test p-value>0.05).	0
Department of Economics, Brigham Young University, 130 FOB, Provo, UT 84602, USA; E-mail: ransom@byu.edu; corresponding author.	0
The URAP-TR ranking system, being the first national ranking system in Turkey, aims at helping Turkish universities to find out their strengths and identify areas that require further improvement based on specific academic performance indicators.	1
Harmonic allocation of authorship credit: Source-level correction of bibliometric bias assures accurate publication and citation analysis.	0
We contribute an organizing framework that systematically considers DoL in teams from complementary perspectives and suggests measures at different levels of analysis.	1
After analysing the scientific community on the basis of co-authorship and co-invention activities, we found new evidence on the impact of collaborative relationships over time.	1
Such a study would be particularly interesting—not to mention ground-breaking—in the case of China, given its unique socio-economic system.	1
Table 1 Total number of publications and distribution over publication types for Norwegian publications (fractionalised) across fields 2005-2009	0
Second, to explore how climate change research varies across countries, in terms of its relative importance and specific topics' importance, and what factors seemingly affect countries' focus on different topics.	1
TP: number of publications; AU: number of authors; APP: number of authors per publication; TC2016: the total number of citations from Web of Science Core Collection since publication to the end of 2016; CPP2016: number of citations (TC2016) per publication (TP).	0
We first propose an original theoretical model that rests on the aggregation of individual knowledge production functions (KPFs), as initially formalized in economics by Griliches (1979) or more recently, in scientometrics, by Fortin and Currie (2013).	1
The verbal formulation of the first four hypotheses is followed by the equivalent mathematical expression and a comment.	0
This important issue raised by Siler's analysis and the concern by some council members and NDT editors that we may miss important original articles stimulated this analysis of the fate of articles rejected by NDT, either at triage or after peer review.	1
The assignment of indicators was double-checked by the second author afterwards to minimise personal bias.	0
We extend this research using visualisation and networking techniques to consider the interactions between research papers through time.	1
for International Educational Research, Schlossstrasse 29, D-60488 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (botte@dipf.de).	0
Nevertheless, this bibliometric analysis of PG provides insight into the trends in PG.	1
The main drawback of this research is that the author ignored the Iraqi-Kurdistan universities.	1
Often skills are based on tacit knowledge, which is not codified and may not necessarily be easily expressed; often it is gained through practice, such as trial and error processes (Polanyi, 1966).	0
From a practical point of view, it will hopefully provide patent information support for the scientific efforts to fight against COVID-19, such as prevention and treatment, vaccine development, and clinical drug screening.	1
Also, most of these fall into three categories of application or approach: identification and characterization of researchers; visualization of topics discussed; and knowledge maps, which center on descriptive analyses and co-citation and co-word network analyses.	0
The University Law passed on the 24th December 2001 replaces the former law of University Reform.	0
Funding: The work of John loannidis is supported by an unrestricted gift by Sue and Bob O'Donnell.	0
While the topic has occasionally been discussed in the literature, we aim to contribute to a better understanding of the current position of CEE authors in social sciences in global communication.	1
%C, the percent of interinstitutionally collaborative articles in total articles for each institute.	0
We used the analytical framework of sensemaking, specifically focusing on identity construction, to understand the narratives of meaning used by researchers when debating the concept of altmetrics (Thurlow and Mills 2009; Weick et al.	1
By contrast, OA publishing from China, which at the start of the study represented the region with the highest OA output across our portfolio, shows a dramatic decline.	1
In particular, we apply a new index of scientific specialization (Scientific Specialization Index, SSI) that takes account of both the quantity and quality of scientific production achieved by the research institutions of a given territory.	1
This study introduces nation diffusion breadth and nation diffusion intensity by adapting the notions of field diffusion breadth and field diffusion intensity as defined by Liu and Rousseau, and a variation on the total cited influence indicator introduced by Hu et al.	1
All data have been plotted but points have generally been suppressed in favour of connecting lines.	0
This study proposes a new scholar performance assessment indicator called the normalized scholar academic productivity (NSAP) indicator, which overcomes the issues posed by raw citation counts and publication counts-related scholar performance indicators by considering diverse aspects of scholar research achievements.	1
These users may tend to be more senior and may be more likely to be based in a richer country, for example.	0
Our text mining methodology, which captured the names of over 1700 UK museums, is more wide ranging and precise than previous studies that only located the term "museum" (Hammond, 2018) or used museum-related terms for topic modelling: “Museums and cultural heritage” and “Museums and curation” (Stevenson et al., 2023).	1
Faculty of Library, Information and Media Science, University of Tsukuba, 305-8550, Ibaraki, Japan.	0
Yet, we provide for the first time a systematic empirical analysis for the differential effect of journal status in the relationship between expert score and journal rank.	1
The next section summarizes some of the most relevant published results on this topic.	0
Employing programmatic data harvesting via ChemRxiv and Scopus APIs and integrating both descriptive and inferential statistical analyses, this research presents a replicable framework for bibliometric assessment.	1
To overcome this limitation of year based EM-index, we have extended the year based EM-index with EM'-index and have defined year based EM'- index, that consider all the items which occur at least one time.	1
Table 3 Proportion of single-reference citations and multi-reference citations by journal	0
For this reason, the two approaches were used together in the evaluation.	0
The SQI may be considered as a novel indicator of scientific output quality, whereas the h-index is stronger determined by quantitative measures (the number of papers and the number of citations).	1
Unlike many earlier approaches to economics journal rankings, this study does not propose a single ranking, but it employs a multi-bibliometric approach.	1
Using the SAs of the bibliography of the publications of a researcher seems the best way forward: the distinction between the two groups of researchers is higher than the one obtained using the SAs of the researchers' articles.	1
In conclusion, we find that the journal's quality standard and the reviewer's incentives interact to produce the following insight: Moral hazard considerations motivate choosing higher quality standards, and journal's standard considerations lead to higher-powered reviewer's compensations.	1
The starting point for the current study rests in a previous theoretical research ?A new approach to bibliometrics based on semantic similarity of scientific papers" (Avram et al., 2012) that presents the recent evolution in the field of scientific information assessment, proposing a bibliometric measure for the relevance of the scientific papers.	1
The evidence provided in this paper suggests that the editorial decision to desk reject a manuscript is influenced by the manuscript's sequential submission order, with the manuscripts submitted earlier on a given day being up to 7% more likely to be desk rejected.	1
He had top grades (best in his odontology class), with an impressive CV and several large research grants.	0
Virtual Knowledge Studio for the Humanities and Social Sciences, Cruquiusweg 31, 1019 AT Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	0
Derivation of this assessment strategy map/table (Table 3, Section 3.3) is a mined innovative function of the co-word network that is not found in existing methods.	1
80 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE - March 1988	0
1 Department of Energy Conversion and Storage, Technical University of Denmark - DTU, Frederiksborgvej 399, 4000 Roskilde, Denmark	0
Given these concerns, our study employs a novel method, using simulated, data-driven, and narrative personas of fictional candidates, to identify the attributes that significantly influence panelist choices and profile what an optimal candidate would look like.	1
This paper starts a new way to understand scientific collaboration by studying the relationships between team power dynamics and team impact.	1
One additional contribution is the identification of an additional text location of acknowledgments data beyond the expected locations—another potential issue when relying on Web of Science and Scopus to capture personal acknowledgments along with the funding statements.	1
Note however, that this classification of exemplars will not be included as part of the model to be proposed here.	0
1) are together used to detect and foresight the emerging research topics.	1
Nonetheless, bibliometric studies in the implant overdenture field are lacking.	1
Presumably the answer obtained depends on the total number of citations received by the cited paper over its lifetime.	0
Science and Public Policy, volume 18, number 5, October 1991, pages 319-326, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England.	0
Given the recent apparition of GSM, no other longitudinal study of this nature has been published to date.	1
Co-authorship among authors with at least three articles and ten citations.	0
In conclusion, the measurement model generated sufficient levels of reliability, convergent and discriminant validity suggesting that structural model was fit to be tested.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric analysis of COVID-19-related orthopedic publications and may be helpful for future research.	1
Before black swans were discovered in Australia, Europeans believed that all swans were white.	0
We thank Steven Hill for helping us with the data and for several illuminating discussions.	0
Sidney van den Bergh and Caty Pilachowski for providing information about the telescopes located in Hawaii and Arizona.	0
Bottom-row scatterplots with truncated y-axis for better visual inspection of the regression slopes	0
It is easy to see that less concentration means more multidisciplinarity.	0
The full symmetric matrix for all 44 domains is available in Online Resource 4.	0
The ratio of the reputation stage from 1998 to 2004 is zero because of its definition.	0
The second section presents the theoretical background and the related empirical literature on which the proposed model is based.	0
The weighted averages appear in the Totals in all tables (except Table 3).	0
This paper attempts to fill the gap by offering a conceptual understanding of resistant and resilient scientific capabilities in a national context—along with what cumulative process orchestration is required to command these capabilities.	1
No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.	0
GV acknowledges support from the Swiss State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation (SERI), Grant No.	0
We also describe several types of evidence regarding the validity of our measures.	0
No patients were involved in setting the research question nor were they involved in the design, implementation and reporting of the study.	0
2013) in order to exemplify the opportunities social networks offer scientific communication.	1
Precision health is an ambitious conceptualization of health, which includes dynamic linkages between research and practice as well as medicine, population health, and public health.	1
Also, there are chances some matches were overlooked due to human error or journal name changes.	0
Archives of Iranian Medicine, Volume 10, Number 2, April 2007 185	0
This paper should be regarded as a preventive study against the growing deterioration of the SUS, which has taken place since approximately 2005.	1
As we point out in response to the workshops and experimentation conducted as part of this investigation, neither the terms 'interdisciplinary' nor 'center' describe what participants found most useful to foster interactions between disciplines.	1
3 At the time of the writing of this paper, the last year available in both listings was 2008.	0
In “Literature review” section, we provide an overview of relevant studies of editorial boards and discuss key findings on editorial board characteristics.	0
Distribution of the identified K-pop YouTube videos by the category as assigned by the video uploader.	0
Keeping in mind the interrelationships among level of annual citations, time of maturity, and the impact of a journal, let us look at the record.	0
Thanks go to our outstanding research assistants, Alonso Bucarey, Gina Li, Jose I.	0
First, to evaluate the efficiency of researchers of the same discipline (i.e., medicine) and record for the first time, to the Authors' best knowledge, the research activity of all Greek university medical schools.	1
(5) is our proposed most accessible form of the E-index, which can be determined from bibliometric data alone and considered as our main methodological contribution.	1
Finally, this study contributes to literature on the micro-foundation of strategy by providing a new typology that extends the current research stream on star scientists.	1
*This work was supported by European Cancer Research Managers Forum (ECRM) and a previous EU 5th Framework grant (QLG1-CT-2002-30203/ECRM).	0
3 we discuss our hypothesis and clarify key concepts, particularly what we mean by informal interaction between university scientists and	0
Received: March 17, 2017; Revised: September 15, 2017; Accepted: October 02, 2017	0
Therefore, the main objective of this paper is to assess different approaches based on addresses, funding acknowledgements and authors to explore which search strategy or combination is more effective to identify CIBER publications.	1
The number of journals and proportions are represented by the standalone numbers and the values in parentheses, respectively.	0
Unsatisfied with the analytical methods and indicators for this task thus far proposed in the literature, in 2014 we presented a new methodology to assess national strengths and weaknesses in research fields (Abramo & D’Angelo, 2014a, 2014b).	1
An extremely simplified example may serve to help understand these results better.	0
Recolecta, on the other hand, was far from achieving the objective for which it was designed: making more visible Spanish OA science.	1
There is no information on large-scale searches for duplicate publications in the eLIBRARY.RU database.	1
When the data gathered in this study were arranged and analyzed, a number of patterns and tendencies were revealed.	0
3 CEPN (UMR CNRS 7234) and IRD, LEDa, DIAL UMR 225.	0
Data sharing statement Unpublished data from this study are not currently available.	0
2 The Bonacich centrality measure, with a recommended beta value of 0.697 [27], did not correlate well with degree centrality or the subjective rankings of the IS journals.	0
This paper is aimed at finding related research papers by proposing a comprehensive and conceptualized model via building ontology named CORES: Content-based Ontology for Research Paper Similarity.	1
Haak, Martin Fenner, Laura Paglione, Ed Pentz and Howard Ratner 2012	0
First, we creatively applied the method of position generator to Chinese scientists and generated their ego-centered networks.	1
We proposed an original framework to measure and evaluate the knowledge structures in river basin studies based on the system theory, complex network characteristics (Fortunato et al., 2018) and our previous findings on this field (Wu et al., 2021; Wei and Wu, 2022).	1
The Irish have also had an impact on the plastic surgery literature yet it has never specifically been analyzed before.	1
The main objective of our analysis is to demonstrate the new framework using scenarios with relevant parameters, and time horizons to quantify total carbon stocks, and these findings can also contribute to implications for the forestry and construction sectors.	1
1 GEMASS – CNRS – Sorbonne Université, 59/61 Rue Pouchet, 75017 Paris, France	0
Conflict of interest: The authors declare no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
it remains unclear whether AAS correlates with article citations among high-impact general medicine journals.	1
None of these editorial processes is proof against errors of omission or commission.	0
This article may be used only for the purposes of research, teaching, and/or private study.	0
To view supplementary material for this article, please visit https://doi.org/ 10.1017/S0008423917000117.	0
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
This study provides a systematic analysis of conference structures organized by two companies, namely, OMICS (Conference Series LLC LTD, part of the OMICS International group) and WASET (World Academy of Science, Engineering, and Technology), along with an analysis of the presenters at these conferences in terms of their home countries and affiliated institutions.	1
We estimate the differential spillover effect of an inventor on various peer groups (co-inventors, coworkers, and second-degree connections in the co-inventor networks) using the same research design, which allows us to establish the unique importance of co-inventors in an inventor's career.	1
The subsequent decrease in productivity occurs slowly and gradually; almost two-thirds and one-fifth of the top work is performed after the age of 35 and 50, respectively.	0
Let us now try to trace the genesis of this dispute.	0
Column N: Provenance of 2016 APC data if not SKC team lookup.	1
Table 2 List of 1970–2005 Articles Receiving More than 500 Cites	0
The present study has several limitations related to the data and methodology.	0
To date, however, little work has been done on how COVID and OS interacted.	1
IQR = interquartile range; NIH = National Institutes of Health; RCR, relative citation ratio.	0
The authors acknowledge the financial support from the National Social Science Foundation of China Art Project (No.	0
With more than 1.3 billion citizens, China is the world's most populous country, and the second-largest in land mass, with an area approximately equal to the entire European continent.	0
As these indicators/parameters are novel and thus not readily accessible, algorithms are written to compute these indicator values for the scholars under study.	1
A model is proposed to assist with the analyses.	1
METU has built recently a small observatory which is not yet in full operation.	0
To date, no study has undertaken to determine the most influential articles in the global field of surgery and to compare the relative value of citation number, with level of evidence or Altmetric score (AS).	1
Some selected words extracted from titles of 22 journals (concurrent set) along with their ranks in two time-periods	0
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/hebh.	0
The authors wish it to be known that, in their opinion, they should be regarded as joint first authors.	0
However, there seems to be no study on the relations between all of the four areas of NBIC and the present study contributes in this area.	1
For descriptive statistics data was entered and analysed using Microsoft Excel Version 12.2.0 (Microsoft Inc., Seattle, WA, USA).	0
Second, our interpretative study aims to shed light on research incentives at different organisational levels.	1
The major original contribution of this paper is to collect, organize and develop the criticism directed to the bibliometric assessment procedure of the VQR 2011-2014, with the aim of encouraging the debate on how to improve future research assessment exercises in Italy and, maybe, in other countries.	1
KUN TIAN – Computer Science Department, California State University, Chico, California, United States, https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0157-798X	0
Neurology India / May 2015 / Volume 63 / Issue 3	0
In contrast to previous studies that were conducted in relation to developed countries, hard sciences, and IIMs and IITs without a focus on the prioritization of barriers, this study makes a significant and notable contribution to the literature by establishing the priorities for the research productivity barriers among faculty members of B-schools in India.	1
There are three general criteria that must be satisfied for the granting of a patent: novelty, usefulness, and nonob- viousness.	0
This was also true of no-outcome links, but to a much lesser extent.	0
On a national scale, our initial evaluation of 455 Korean original research papers indexed in the KoreaMed database in 2004 yielded the incidence of duplicate publication of around 6% (14).	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
Here, the cognitive biases will be analyzed from a sociological point of view, as interactional and aggregated phenomena.	1
We propose an online database with open access showing all h-index and bibliometric data for neurosurgical units in the United Kingdom and Ireland.	1
Entire quantitative aspects and communication models, storage, dissemination and retrieval of scientific information fall under the domain of Scientometric.	0
In contrast with conventional entitymetrics cooccurrence network, this research employed a novel approach by constructing a network only using citation sentences.	1
The interested reader is referred to Bornmann and Daniel (2009) for a recent review of research on the h-index.	0
2014) recommendations for science policy which may be directly applicable to the MS Programme, as well as to hospitals and research centres affiliated with the NHS wishing to implement or develop a research agenda.	0
My favorite example of this attitude toward peer review has long been an evocative headline about a 2012 Physics Letters B paper: “CERN's Higgs Boson Discovery Passes Peer Review, Becomes Actual Science.”1	0
Distribution of rankings for the 434 Web of Science journals in different research areas	0
This presents a new angle for damping factor selection alongside expensive browser log tracking (e.g., Gleich et al., 2010) and exhaustive optimisation using some application-dependent objective function (e.g., Walker et al., 2007).	1
These findings are discussed in relation to the objectives of the IFS program and the characteristics of scientific research in agricultural disciplines in Latin America.	0
However, one of the articles was excluded because it was not related to the field of instructional design.	0
The study reported here advances our understanding of scientific research in two main ways.	1
However, this is not what the conventional wisdom tells at this moment.	0
Differences between social scientists can arise because of using different data (part of the explanation for the differences between SPRU and Leydesdorff), not least because in the social science realm all indicators are imperfect or partial to a greater or lesser extent.	1
The aim of the present study is to propose and test a criterion based on citations received and patterns of citations by a set of research papers over at least 25 years, to identify those which have stood the test of time and have a potential to continue further for the next 10 or more years.	1
Finally, Xiaoming Liu and Karin Verspoor contributed by reviewing drafts of this manuscript.	0
The total number of ORI investigations performed over this period is not known.	0
Our first contribution is that we focus directly on authors as units of analysis, rather than on research papers (Jeong et al., 2019; Patel et al., 2022).	1
There were only eight semicolons in the sample, so these were not studied.	0
TT participated in the design of the study, the collection and processing of data, and the preparation of the manuscript.	0
In this reply we provide ample evidence that the issues raised do not weaken the main results previously presented in any substantial way.	1
The revised x-index was proposed in this study to reasonably and fairly assess author IRAs in comparison to the original x-index.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Group authorships in Cochrane have not previously been examined.	1
In addition, considering that, in the analysed period, WoS does not fully include FA for Arts & Humanities and Social Sciences, these areas had a very low representation.	0
The study provides the first examination of the link between perceived pressure and admitted misbehavior.	1
Brogaard, Engelberg, and Van Wesep 2018; Coupé, Smeets, and Warzynski 2006) but research on its impact on the quality of academic research is still lacking.	1
The first theme is a broad commitment to community building as part	0
The original request for staff for the DSIR included: one secretary at an annual salary of ￡1,500; one assistant secretary on the scale ￡850-50-1,000; three junior examiners at ￡250-25-500; and a private secretary at ￡100.	0
Unlike these authors, we go one step further and find that this advantage does not differ by gender.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
In this regard, to our knowledge, no study has used Wikipedia as a reference to map science by extrapolating classical co-citation methodology to this digital platform in order to discover the structure of journals corresponding to different areas of knowledge and different disciplines.	1
To our knowledge, this panel role is assigned exclusively to the unit’s faculty member: a practice with a profound effect on the distribution of appointments (Figure 5).	0
Por otro lado, el análisis cienciométrico no puede ser evaluado considerando una o dos variables, pues, como cualquier actividad social, es un fenómeno complejo multidimensional.	1
The 2 manuscripts with only 1 version evaluated were excluded from the analysis.	0
Our analysis revealed various patterns in the relationship between disease burden and research efforts that do not fit with the old classification into CDs and NCDs.	1
Our analysis results also show that this pattern holds up in a wider range of dataset.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE—April 1, 1999 361	0
School of Media and Communication, Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, OH, USA	0
Subsequently in section4, we report experiment results on different query topics as well as evaluations.	0
Altmetrics workshops provide spaces to explore the potential for new tools that capture a range of previously unconsidered measures of impact, and to discuss the implications of those measures.	1
This is the first study to use the dual perspectives of manuscript reviewers and authors as both these roles are important in ascertaining the criticality of the different types of inadequate and omitted citations.	1
The analysis may be useful to research administrators, international affairs professionals and science studies scholars.	0
Journals that only indexed in Scopus during the study period are displayed in bold	0
This shows that research in the field of hepatitis tends to be more collaborative.	0
While this research has added much to our understanding of how science is done online and how science communities form, little is known about how people participate in online science communities that form organically.	1
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
Other than detecting impact in advance, alternative metrics could act as early warning signs of retractions: tentative findings of a study into the papers retracted by PLoS ONE	1
Of course, a perfect linear hierarchy may not exist in a society, and some violations to a perfect linear hierarchy may exist, a topic we discuss in section 4.	0
Received May 19, 2017; revised January 17, 2018; accepted March 12, 2018	0
This strange phenomenon pushes the author to explore the reliability/quality of funding information provided in Scopus a bit further.	1
The next step in the process was to confirm that all twenty titles were still active and to check for possible title changes.	0
Through this analysis, the research offers valuable insights into the publication performance and contributors to the journal impact factor, encompassing papers, authors, institutions, and countries.	1
We used a novel topic modeling approach, namely structural topic modeling (STM) (Roberts et al., 2014a, 2014b) in this study.	1
Our analysis complements the previous research by applying both relative and absolute inequality indices, taking into account the size of universities, and utilizing the fractional account of publications of multiple authors.	1
Our study fills this gap in the literature, by examining the migration of AI scientists from one country to the other, and by analyzing the impact of AI papers resulting from collaborations between the two countries.	1
Her research interests are applied statistics, computational statistics, data analysis and data mining.	0
The rest of the paper is organised in the following way: “Related work” section presents related work; “Material and method" section describes the material and method used for the experiments; "Data analysis" section presents the data analysis we perform and the results we record; “Discussion" section discusses the results; finally, “Conclusions and future work" section presents our conclusions and future work.	0
The results of this study highlight some interesting differences both in terms of the type of articles published between journals, as well as the quantity of research being published between different geographic regions.	1
The seven items are scaled using principal components factor analysis and are shown to be highly related and form a usable index.	0
To address the issues of anomalous citations, we introduce the COIRank (Conflict of Interest-based Rank) algorithm which uses the COI relationship to distinguish the citing strength.	1
Note: NF, PF, AO, N, and C represent the number of articles as the first author, the proportion of articles as the first author, the average of author order, the number of articles, and the number of citations of articles.	0
Finally, basing on the insights gained from studying the optimal solution to the RSB problem, we propose a method of retrieving information on the distribution of researchers' abilities implied by the observed journal rating schemes.	1
In this context, understanding the background of publications on population genetics is essential to formulate future research strategies in the Neotropics.	1
Despite the above findings, and with one partial exception (Fox and Burns 2015), no previous study has addressed the general issue of whether obscure research is less cited across academia.	1
When conducting comparisons, the result of the judgment or evaluation should only be normative when the estimate of what can be achieved considers what one has, invests, or provides	0
Perazzo MF: acquisition of data; analysis and interpretation of data; final approval of the version to be published; drafting the article and revising it critically for important intellectual content.	0
Research output measures include: average citations per publication, H-index, average number of publications per year.	0
[What I dream about is] forming a company, taking it public, making a number of millions of dollars.	0
The full list of theses and their classifications are provided in Appendix 1.	0
The main aim of creating.not file is finding the correct and erroneous addresses.	0
Our paper looks at journal papers across disciplines making use of a unique data base from the UK.	1
(3) From the CD perspective, we investigate the impact of interdisciplinarity on the durability of citation diffusion, and provide additional empirical evidence for optimizing the arrangement of interdisciplinary knowledge sources in scientific papers to facilitate their sustainable utilization and diffusion.	1
1 Department of Cognitive Robotics, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Delft University of Technology, Delft, Netherlands	0
First, it considers only good candidates who were pre-selected in a preliminary competition to address the issues raised by Fang et al.	1
In contrast, this study emphasises the distribution and classification of the introductory Highlights sections of such research.	1
genetically engineered a protein voltage indicator that can report action potentials with <1-ms precision and orders of magnitude lower spike detection error rates than were previously possible.	1
Keywords Biology · Life sciences · Gender · Age · Venezuela · Research · Productivity	0
We would like to thank the United States Patent and Trademark Office for their support during the research.	0
Therefore, using the proposed methodology, which has a low computational cost, it was possible to quantify in an unprecedented way the publications of Brazilians in open access journals registered in the curricula of the Lattes Platform.	1
Logan Williams was an Honours Student in the Psychology Department of the University of Canterbury.	0
As a result we found that many truly foundational discoveries, e.g.	1
This section presents a short overview of the two methods on which our methodology is based.	0
This article also makes theoretical contributions to the body of work on (e)valuation in academic science and heterarchical organizations.	1
This is more common compared with the first situation of publication title error.	0
The present research findings provide empirical evidence supporting the notion that RAs and DDs are distinct genres with their own genre-specific features (El-Dakhs, 2018; Kawase, 2015; Koutsantoni, 2006), even within the smallest subgenre, the title.	1
In the first post, only two out of 30 people responded to the checklist.	0
Consent to participate Author declares that there is no organs/tissues were obtained from prisoners and must also name the institution(s)/clinic(s)/department(s) via which organs/tissues were obtained.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study to explore the robustness of BBD literature and to explore altmetrics trends in pediatric urology and correlate these measures with other important publication variables.	1
Given the challenges identified in a timely update of academic integrity policies to adapt to new technological threats, we propose a modification to Bretag et al.'s (2011) exemplary academic integrity model to enable future researchers to evaluate academic integrity policies in the new era of the deeper integration of digital tools into education.	1
Based on the observation that replacing the one-by-one comparison, where we take one sample from each set at a time and compare the two samples, with the Kx-by-Ky comparison, where we take Kx samples {x1, x2, .	1
These measures allow us to quantitatively identify past junctures as well as future candidates.	0
software because of its qualitative analysis module and its efficient recoding procedures.	0
The algorithm of the test procedure is displayed in Algorithm 1 (Nachar 2008).	0
Usage of BioOne content is strictly limited to personal, educational, and non-commercial use.	0
This study proposed a new indicator, called the NSAP indicator, to assess scholar academic ability.	1
We seek to advance existing research by taking a more nuanced approach to the study of mobility and its influence on research productivity.	1
In this context, in an increasingly collaborative scientific structure, it is fair assuming correspondence author being a viable proxy of scientific leadership.	0
Bradford's findings in the 1930s that the most relevant scientific papers in each discipline can be found in less than 1,000 journals (Garfield 1979).	0
By extending the scholarship on novelty, impact, and their relationship in these ways, we aim to lay the groundwork for a more complete account of the progress of science.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
In the remaining analyses in this article, the reverse of the rank was used to avoid negative coefficients.	0
2016) because we used all OnSMP available on Altmetric database and we explore different explanatory variables (e.g.	1
TAGLIACOZZO, R., Citations and Citation Indexes: A Re- view, Methods of Information in Medicine, 6:136 (1967).	0
Ultimately, such predictive models help develop and refine hypotheses, explore the impact of different parameters, capture causal relationships, and pick desirable futures.	1
So we skip it in this communication since it is given in its entirety in the Appendix of Carlin (2009).	0
For the classification algorithm achieving the highest accuracy per combination, the single feature (F), the corresponding F1 score as well as accuracies for the three classes c0, c1 and c2 are displayed	0
The study is relevant to other academic libraries in developing countries and Africa particularly countries whose economies are crumbling.	1
Acknowledgements The author is grateful to a colleague for thoughtful comments.	0
This study reveals some conditions for the young returnee scientists to exert their peer effect, which has policy implications for the overseas talent policies in China and other countries.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(9):1832–1846, 2015	0
In this current study we aim to expand the scope of analysis of health research even more, identifying and quantifying the scholarly publications in the field and subfield approaches of public health, environmental and occupational health, health management and economics, health promotion and health behavior, epidemiology, health policy and services, medicine, health informatics, engineering and technology and primary care.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0144-3577.htm	0
The project was developed principally using the Python programming language [34].	0
Second, this study provides the empirical evidence and theoretical foundation to the theory of big data and urban sustainable development.	1
The adjectives offered, mostly moral, point to the existence of numerous informally learned rules that, when followed, foster achievement (but by no means guarantee it).	0
Originality/value – This study is based on actual HKU publication data in the past ten years, and it is useful for understanding HKU researchers' attitudes towards OA publications and in particular the longitudinal trends in shifting toward open access publishing within the context of the university's open policy and within the global OA landscape.	1
Therefore, the percentage of authors who respond to our survey was 13.64 %.	0
This study is the first to utilize such IDJ list data in the evaluation of business ethics journals.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
She has worked as an editorial assistant for American Politics Research.	0
Therefore, this paper aims to highlight researchers' professional views of research misconduct, and how the university as an institution has a greater role to play in 'indirectly' encouraging researchers to engage in misconduct.	1
In comparison with the direct relationship presented recently by Pearson correlation, the author mining method proposed in this study helps in revealing unknown relationships and could complement with AKC analysis or other methods, such as topic analysis.	1
1) corresponds to the SCImago Journal Rank Indicator, a recent welcome alternative to the Thompson Reuters impact factor for journal evaluation.	1
Copyright of European Review is the property of Cambridge University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
This study presents a novel perspective and methodology for investigating the relationship between team composition and the novelty of academic papers.	1
However, we assume that we have included by far most of the relevant publications (i.e.	0
Figure 1: Reasons for Citing in 2014 according to the Five-Category Scheme	0
The literature for the 1980s to the present is sparser and much of it is anecdotal.	0
The extent to which scientific knowledge reflects the specific social and historical circumstances surrounding its construction has long been the subject of acrimonious debate, but there is general consensus that science is a social activity in the sense that those engaged in it do not work in isolation from their colleagues.	0
While these scholars were ranked in order of h-index (highest to lowest) as the baseline, shifts in their ranks for the other metrics revealed more information beyond the impact of their scholarship.	1
None of them has conducted a complete and extensive review of the 8 current orthodontic journals included in Journal Citation Reports (JCR).	1
Recently, a report was published in Science by Stone [5] about specific shops which produced scientific papers particularly for students in Iran which caused different reactions [6].	1
Contract grant sponsor: National Natural Science Foundation of China; contract grant number: 71673131.	0
The full evaluation study including recommendations for the future development of the programme is an open access publication and can be downloaded (Seus et al.	0
A great advantage of the new methodology is the user navigation experience through visualizations when the segmentation is applied to the data to obtain insights and propose a new form of interaction.	1
This study presents a holistic view of collaboration and topical similarity.	1
The present study reinforces these findings, even after factoring in the influence of non-scientific factors on impact.	1
Second, on visualization method, a hybrid approach of network analysis and principal component analysis are suggested.	1
So, the map was created for them which is as follows:	0
Arrow shows the increase or decrease in the indicator between 2000 and 2014	0
David Nicholas, Ian Rowlands, Anthony Watkinson, David Brown and Hamid Jamali 2012	0
Bernard Wallner and Horst Seidler wrote the paper, reviewed drafts of the paper.	0
See Supplementary Table 2 for the full references corresponding to each guidance number.	0
Further investigation with this clustering exercise is out of the scope of this paper.	0
Normal distributions of clusters, threshold scores, and effect sizes (Cohen's d) for Pro-environmental behaviours, Financial position, and Beliefs.	0
In the current work we have applied a new bibliometric approach to measure scientific specialization at the regional and provincial levels of the Italian public research system.	1
The more closely related the objects are, the more closely they are presented in the resulting map.	0
Our results also provide a foundation for further study on different leadership of academic achievements.	1
The improbable exceptions would be those, if there are such, who habitually do not include any reference in their scholarly writings).	0
This paper documents the first comparison of two comparable maps of science reference systems plus interactive data overlays.	1
2 This does not mean that usage, all else equal, is a complete measure of a journal's value.	0
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.	0
Second, the present study also represents the first quantitative examination of reviewing behavior for self-identified ethnic minority reviewers, and an ability to compare that behavior with reviewers who have not self-identified as ethnic minority scholars.	1
Despite the clear importance of funding on research output, to our knowledge, to date, there is no good large-scale empirical data on the association between funding and citation metrics across biomedical research.	1
For instance, 50 projects have proceeding papers and books as outputs, 800 projects have articles as outputs	0
Education and career paths from the GS to the GN: The width of the edges represents the frequency of a given path.	0
The second proposed equation is a combination of three sub-indicators, namely: citations per article, articles per researcher, and percentage of non-cited articles.	1
In the next section of the article, the authors describe the study's methodology.	0
[Table 5 — Number of mentions by source and publication year]	0
Disclosure: No external sources of funding were used to conduct this study.	0
Second, calculate the absolute difference between the other data x1, x2,..., xn and the reference value of each row, and select a maximum value and a minimum value from the absolute difference of each row, denoted by maxx (k) - x^(k) | and min| xo (k) – x,(k) |	0
Second, we address why, despite its problems and many criticisms, the current journal-based publication system is so persistent by arguing and showing that tenured researchers tend to be less dissatisfied with the current publication system compared to untenured researchers.	1
The results of the random-effects Negative Binomial and Poisson models are similar to those of the fixed-effects models and are available upon request from the authors.	0
With the AWS, we are thus able to disclose the results of whether productive authors earn equal IRAs in citations.	1
Additional services and information for Journal of Information Science can be found at:	0
To our knowledge this is the first comprehensive study that considers the network structure variables along with several other factors and evaluates their impact on researchers’ funding at the individual level.	1
We revealed that Project 5-100 stimulates universities to intensify their scientific collaboration.	1
This paper argues that a framework can be developed to take advantage of the strengths of each method.	1
This study expands the analysis and investigates bibliometrically the development of the BRICS countries in terms of their contributions to the most prestigious scientific publications by comparing them with other top-performing nations in citation impact and network conductivity.	1
To the author's knowledge, no study has examined citations to scientific encyclopedias.	1
Table 2 Publication counts of 168 research subjects in CNKI (2015)	0
CC BY NC Creative Commons NonCommercial CC BY-NC: This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits noncommercial use, reproduction, and distribution of the work without further permission provided the original work is attributed as specified on the SAGE and Open Access pages (https://us.sagepub.com/en-us/nam/open-access-at-sage).	0
Citation of this work should state that it is from an ASABE meeting paper.	0
These results show general trends and overcome some of the limitations of previous studies conducted manually and on much smaller data sets.	1
The key contribution thus lies in the attempt to make visible the practice level of scientific performance assessments and its potential implications for gender stratification.	1
An early draft was read before the second annual meeting of the Society for the Social Studies of Science, Boston, 1977.	0
No other study corrects publication output for faculty size.	1
As another innovation of the present study, a new definition of the distance between two semantic domains has been proposed.	1
In order to study migration patterns we have defined a specific model for the analysis in which the move of researchers from one country to another can be more easily tracked.	0
However, to date, we are aware of no other studies that have examined the h indices of radiation oncology trainees.	1
Throughout the paper, we will consistently refer to units as our main level of analysis and to faculty/departments for the higher levels.	0
Traditional text analysis is a labor-intensive activity that limits sample sizes to the speeds that human researchers are capable of reading, even ambitious studies are limited to a few hundred.	0
Databases of the scientific literature have accredited some unusual authors, finds Jeffrey Aronson.	1
Nevertheless, this study intended to provide baseline data on the evolving preprint publication landscape in order to address the future issues.	1
This paper calls for a scientometrics-based and systematic approach.	1
Most important, we thank the hundreds of scholars who were kind enough to respond to inquiries about their whereabouts and those of their coauthors.	0
Some of the issues associated with the ERA data collections are discussed, and suggestions are made for improving this process.	1
This study provided many imperative leads to understand what makes a nation “resilient” and is a significant step towards understanding the capabilities in deploying preventive measures.	1
This paper defines the ‘miraculous year' as the most productive year in academics' scientific careers.	1
Despite its limitations, our study helps advance our understanding of integrity in academic research, in particular researchers' perceptions of their research integrity responsibilities and their perceptions of associated integrity enablers.	1
Second, we have opened a window into the previously opaque process of internal editor review.	1
The associate editor coordinating the review of this article and approving it for publication was Donghyun Kim.	0
As academics our contribution comes through bringing logical analysis to these various claims.	1
Department of Chemistry, City College of New York/CUNY, 160 Convent Avenue, New York, NY 10031, USA	0
In this visualisation, we go beyond the well-known approaches and map international scientific collaboration patterns of the most prominent science hubs considering both the quantity and the impact of papers produced in the collaboration.	1
Variable citation window for all journals, three-year citation window for core journals.	0
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
A ternary classification system to include journals of uncertain legitimacy was developed.	1
Our goal here is to provide some preliminary analyses to shed lights in filling this gap.	1
The publisher does not give any warranty express or implied or make any representation that the contents will be complete or accurate or up to date.	0
This result is a key finding because it indicates that the methodology used in international rankings (at least, in the ARWU) is also valid for assessing the quality of the Spanish higher education system.	1
Percentage in parentheses; numbers include only articles and review articles, and exclude editorials, letters, conference proceedings and other document types.	0
The present study represents the first effort to explore the geographical distribution, temporal trends, and quality of asbestos research.	1
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/358936946	0
The low share could be due to the fact that coverage by databases is not very wide yet and would benefit from being improved.	0
The question of prestige has gathered a great deal of attention during the past two decades.	0
Downloaded From: http://jama.jamanetwork.com/ by a University of Iowa User on 05/23/2015	0
The current study aimed to provide a comprehensive up-to-date analysis of the citation distribution characteristics (citation inequality, skewness) based on three independent cohorts of journals listed in the recent Journal Citation Report (JCR 2018): journals of two complete medical categories, i.e.	1
In this study, we highlight the prevalence of cross-national papers with dubious affiliations, which may not accurately reflect substantial research collaborations, and its potential impact on the assessment of IRC.	1
Data used in the analysis and corresponding descriptive statistics are presented in Table 3.	0
Percentiles are very suitable for visualizing the performance of a single scientist.	1
We hope that our empirical results and recommendations are helpful for improvement of the NI.	1
A: Data matrix of an example of co-authorship relations in a single document	0
Second, while research so far has focused on factors predicting access to tenured position and either on mobility or foreign nationality, this work examines several career steps and disentangles the effects, respectively, of national mobility, international mobility, and foreign nationality, on internal career progression at each career step, as well as the composition effect of the body of full professors' and the effect of the time a researcher has been employed in any given university.	1
To our knowledge, this is the initial endeavor to deconstruct the citation features of policies in such a nuanced manner.	1
Moreover, all disciplines, instead of focusing only on physics, are analyzed in our work.	1
If an author was recorded as having an affiliation to institutions in more than one country, the first quoted was chosen.	0
However, data from all of arXiv and the Web of Science (WoS) database have yet to be combined for a comparative analysis.	1
To our knowledge, no studies have evaluated the academic performance of EM in relation to other medical specialties after 2010.	1
The reason for this difference is very complex, and may reflect the author’s number of publications, study interests, or analysis error.	0
For the development strategies of the remaining foresight issues, please refer Table 3.	0
We did not rely solely on the survey for our analysis.	0
Third, by studying a longer time period covering research output in accounting and finance journals, we are able to depict several interesting perspectives such as the trend of research output among UK HEIs relative to other HEIs in the world, UK HEIs' faculty member job mobility, and leading authors.	1
But in the present paper our effectiveness approach is a departure from these studies, not only because it relies on qualitative data, but also because of the more or less subjectivist conception of collaboration effectiveness.	1
Chaomei Chen of Drexel University for providing us with data on his recent map of information science for this comparison study, Henry Small for his extremely helpful comments on an earlier draft of this article, and anonymous reviewers for their many useful comments and suggestions.	0
Therefore, our research incorporates a new layer of analysis of publication records and citation counts.	1
Pieper is an associate professor of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago (e-mail: pjpieper@uic.edu), and Rachel A.	0
The contributions of this research are summarized as the following three points.	1
The findings in our study thus contribute to the literature comparing evaluation on expert and open platforms.	1
The study finally proposes an agenda that moves beyond the current status quo, and considers how these actions are likely to promote a more pluralistic and diverse intellectual terrain.	1
It is the scholarly practice of supplying references for ideas and quotations in the form of footnotes and citations (Shapiro, 1985).	0
This comprehensive data source has a number of advantages relative to those used in the prior literature that often relied on information from surveys or professional associations.	1
This paper functions as an interface to many of the project's documents.	0
Therefore, as regards the contributions of this paper, on one hand, the NA carried out has provided a wealth of information, that cannot be found in the existing literature, on the key concepts involved in the DEA field, assessing their relevance, showing the differential evolution of their strength, identifying their closest-related concepts (i.e.	1
The previous literature combined with this study paints a gloomy picture; JIF influencing editorial decisions seem to be effective and widespread and their use reinforces additional use and undermines the incentive to stop manipulation.	1
The innovation of this study lies in the fact that by conducting analyses of data gathered from older people living in multiple countries in the greater European-Mediterranean region, this work will reveal for the first time - on a metalevel – if, and if so, which typologies exist among a seemingly homogeneous population of older people in the diverse set of countries in three pertinent domains of action related to sustainability.	1
The European Commission is currently involved in the implementation of a new higher education ranking methodology, characterised by taking into account a diversity of missions and the diversity of existing higher education institutions.	1
In some cases, authors will address their citations in such a way as to make the citation indexes serve their purposes, that is, they will cite their own papers more (May 1967).	0
*Indicates that the indicator showed a lower viability score during the testing phase.	0
Downloaded from http://circres.ahajournals784/ at University of Calgary on April 13, 2015	0
The relationships between average values of indicators is one dimension of the measurement problem.	0
The free software to apply the algorithm and the instructions below to use it are therefore a bibliometric contribution to other fields in terms of software to help new scholars to identify new issues.	1
Our class characterization is different but related to that of Woeginger (2009).	0
5 the pattern of collaborative publications with other scientists differs between the two groups, the more frequent membership of scientific societies among the British perhaps being reflected in their more frequent collaboration with workers from outside their institute.	0
The citation results provided such useful information that the Collection Management Department decided to make this analysis a part of the normal annual data collection process and continue to update the information each year.	1
Research exists that was carried out to analyse biomedical literature in some individual countries in West Africa (Nwagwu 2006; 2007), but there is not yet a study focusing on the quality, quantity and productivity of biomedical literature in West Africa as a sub-region.	1
Here, we explore the dominant path of knowledge diffusion in the 21st century using Wikipedia, the largest communal dataset.	1
it abstractly quantifies the academic influences of papers by geometric zones, expresses aging of papers by decreasing the sizes of influences with the growth of time, and then interprets the power-law tails of in-degree distributions of citation networks by the inhomogeneous influences of papers.	1
This study represents one of the first attempts to use empirical analysis to estimate academic productivity complex and proves the thesis that academic productivity is a function of multidimensional combination of the work of academic researchers: the scientific work, education, and external relationships.	1
Here additional laws are proposed that connect scientific publication counts to national funding of research and development (GERD).	1
The literature searches were done with the University of Arizona Library's on-line journal subscriptions.	0
The latest results show the firm signs that the increase in the number of article readings may have reached a plateau among US academics, while time spent per article reading has levelled off.	1
A detailed discussion of the results is presented in the following section.	0
This caveat aside, this article is to the best of our knowledge the first to study invention disclosures over time in any federal laboratory.	1
The patterns observed essentially remained the same, especially in the case of core journals.	0
The logistic regressions provided additional insights, showing that full professors in chemistry are more likely to be citation displayers compared with non-full professors, although for physics and mathematics researchers, the academic rank does not appear as a significant influence.	1
Secondly, our work unfolds a continuous change of citation linkage to Chinese scientific papers based on a longitudinal analysis covering patents from 1976 to 2020.	1
Following this introduction, the literature is reviewed; ResearchGate and data collection are then described.	0
Originality/value – The paper provides insight into informal scholarly publishing practices using a grounded theory approach.	1
That no monetary remuneration is paid to the actual suppliers of productive services, is a specificity to academia.	0
The aim of this paper was to compensate for the above mentioned drawbacks of the h index by defining an indicator that would be as simple as possible and complementary to h.	1
Many researchers are highly aware of their so-called status, and check diverse metrics related to the impact of their work on a regular basis.	0
In addition, the evaluation of journals with different impact factors provides an in-depth insight into the impact of this transition.	1
The authors wish to thank Susan Hezlet of the London Mathematical Society for providing the data used in this study.	0
With its statistical underpinnings, the approach brings greater objectivity to the ranking of journals than prior approaches.	1
The institutional library provided database access, extensive full text access, and rapid hard copy information retrieval service for available dissertations.	0
click here to open the PDF version of your article in a new window.	0
3 School of Information and Computer Science, Georgia Institute of Technology.	0
Web of Science Core Collection citations can change over time and cannot be easily compared; to solve this limitation, Ho's group proposed a new indicator, TCvear (Chuang et al., 2011; Wang, Fu, & Ho, 2011), i.e.	1
This research is expected to contribute to a better understanding of the role played by scientific mobility in transnational knowledge exchange activities.	1
To our knowledge, however, the relationship between the research output of countries and the correction of science through retractions has been little explored.	1
The results of our study demonstrate the relevance of using indicators such as PLWH, population size and economic development to measure more precisely the effort and contribution of each country beyond scientific output in absolute terms.	1
Leadership in the discipline of Pharmacology and Pharmacy is neither determined by their highly productive institutions nor the impact generated by them.	1
5 Because of the strong positive correlation between the rankings under WCNCI and CNCI, the regression line approximates the diagonal here.	0
Scanning this QR code will take you to the article title page to access supplementary informa- tion.	0
Received October 6, 2000; revised January 2, 2001; accepted January 11, 2001	0
1 Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, The Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel Road, London E1 1BB, UK	0
First version received May 2005; final version accepted June 2008 (Eds.).	0
This article contributes to the limited, but fundamental research in this area by examining how the geographic diversity of EBs affects research papers' diversity in terms of first author's country of origin, country of data collection, and research approach.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
(a) Total number of Ph.D.s awarded in economics, history, physics and psychology.	0
Downloaded from http://bioscience.oxfordjournals.org/ at Cornell University Library on April 25, 2015	0
Toward this end, this paper establishes two results using data from the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO).	1
This raises a question about the research connection between international co-authorship and INOs.	0
The authors are grateful to the anonymous referees and editors for their invaluable and insightful comments.	0
To illuminate barriers to collaboration, this study examines who participates in cross-boundary scholarly collaboration most often and which types of boundary crossing (disciplinary, institutional, role) are engaged in most often.	1
Another feasible application of convex skeletons is using them as a part of a collaboration recommendation system.	1
The process of peer review and publication has changed tremendously over the past few years.	0
The circles represent high-performing outliers with the average number of publications per year falling between 1.5 and 3 IQR (interquartile range) units above the 75th percentile in their group.	0
Three researchers in the dataset had only one paper published and were excluded from the cross-validation.	0
This paper proposes the usefulness of conceiving of citations as a method of knowledge diffusion (Leydesdorff 1998).	1
Received April 14, 1993; revised October 4, 1993; accepted November 30, 1993.	0
School of Physics and Astronomy, Queen Mary University of London, London E1 4NS, UK	0
and A.A.A.S.; visualization, A.A.A.S.; supervision, T.B.; project administration and funding acquisition, T.B.	0
Our next finding indicates a powerful relationship between combinations of prior work and ensuing impact.	1
This study contributes to the research on the complex and divergent criteria, motivations, and consequences of journal lists (Petrou, 2021; Zhang, Wei, Huang, & Sivertsen, 2022; Zhang, Wei, Sivertsen, & Huang, 2022).	1
Therefore, our goal is to provide a better understanding of how individuals participate in organically-formed online spaces where their interactions are based upon an interest in a science domain.	1
Section 2 provides an insight into the existing studies pertaining to the use of GS for scholarly literature and knowledge flows.	0
Conceptual model of associations between study quality and risk of bias, author prestige, journal impact factor, and citation rates.	0
Here, a quantitative proxy for consistency is offered, and it is shown that as consistency increases, the ideal performance measure, which is sensitive to changes in consistency, should increase, reflecting this virtue.	1
Our contribution fills this gap by showing that a failure to observe the reviewer's efforts motivates higher quality standard, and quality standard considerations lead to higher-powered reviewer's compensations.	1
Analysis of the publishing patterns of AIM senior fellows reveals research cliques and publication silos rather than a network organization.	1
We thereby challenge 'one-size-fits-all' policymaking, and suggest instead that institutions should have the opportunity to adopt an ethical and 'human-oriented' approach when developing their research incentives and evaluation mechanisms.	1
In doing so, we hope to inspire more library and information science researchers to take up the handicap principle as a theory for their own work.	0
To our surprise, from the 2010s both groups experience the “invasion” of scientists from a completely different field—animal SNA.	1
Subst Use Misuse Downloaded from informahealthcare.com by UB Kiel on 11/09/14	0
Furthermore, for the same reasons, we recommend scientists to use letters for the automatic identification of common research deficiencies, main topics of interest and influential trends for research assessment and planning purposes.	1
Statistics of Dataset showing Group A and B w.r.t IP and VP.	0
This article presents a new compact representation for webgraphs, called w-tree, which is designed specifically for external memory.	1
Our expected contribution fills the gap in the literature regarding research areas, academic collaboration and scientific productivity by focusing on scientific innovation among Nobel laureates.	1
However, these trends have yet to be examined in a quantitative study.	1
The findings of potential factors which are robust over time can serve as a reference point for further studies and as instruments for proactive research policies based on evidence as to what facilitates productivity and quality in research environments.	1
Compared with the information obtained from counting publications in predefined WoS fields, the term map visualisations provide insights at a more detailed level.	1
This type of study can help clarify specific features about the research activity in DPH, identifying those papers that determined concepts, guided public health policies and changed clinical practice.	1
These discussions and derived propositions are expected to guide future transdisciplinary bibliometric and scientometric research, as well as science-based policymaking.	1
Although researchers have examined how the demand for submission for (academic) economics journals responded to nonprice variables such as an editorial policy change on page limit (Card and DellaVigna 2012), surprisingly the price elasticity of demand for submission remains unknown and becomes the focus of this study.	1
However, the results of this study did not reveal any association between the academic level of the students or their enrollment status with plagiarism.	1
Received: 4 November 2020 / Accepted: 9 November 2021 / Published online: 13 January 2022	0
The remaining of this paper is organized as followed: in “Related works" section, the state-of-the-art works are reviewed.	0
173045, funded by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technological Development of the Republic of Serbia.	0
In the Results sections, the performance of the Perl script with respect to retrieval and matching quality, the evaluation of the MA metadata, the assessment of the coverage, and the analysis of citation counts are presented.	0
Foremost, it is the first study to perform an empirical test of a TPB framework to explain variation in the researchers' intention to publish OA.	1
A publications quality indicator called high-ranked citations percentage (HCP) is based on an idea that good papers are well cited.	1
It is prevalent to measure research collaboration with indexes or metrics.	0
By focusing on deeper levels than previous studies that typically conducted country-level analyses, we were able to examine international coauthorship networks in a broader context.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to report on the influence of multiple profiles on the measures of neurosurgeons' academic productivity.	1
Answers to open questions were analysed and aggregated for related content.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Our ultimate objectives are to propose recommendations intended to improve the way in which authors and databases include funding information, and in the long term, to enhance the reliability and usefulness of studies based on funding acknowledgments.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Total number of articles published from 2017 to 2019 across all 4 journals.	0
For international readers: Afrikaans is the second academic language of South Africa, and it was useful that GIS has the same meaning in Afrikaans as in English.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 9 times since 2017*	0
We wish to thank Maria Arménia Carrondo for critically reading this manuscript and Isabel Machado for help with the data.	0
The authors greatly appreciate the technical support of Peng Shi, Yingni Zou, and Ying Pan.	0
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
The findings of this study align with those from other Latin American institutions but show lower overall publication frequencies than regions with more robust research infrastructures.	1
However, we demonstrate here preliminary data that hf, Radicchi's modification of h, compensates for the publication and citation opportunity bias of the h-index.	1
Most surprisingly, in contrast with the expected results, the higher the ratio between full-text reads and overall reads, the lower the RG Score is (p – 0.47, p value 0.0000).	1
Based on those studies about gender differences in writing style (Lerchenmueller et al., 2019), we address two research questions in this study in an attempt to explain the gender differences in research performance through writing style.	1
As the list attests, most economics journal lists cover only a small fraction of outlets commonly sought by top health economics, hence underscoring the importance of the paper's contribution as well as the recent and important efforts of Wagstaff and Culyer.	1
ssibbald@uwo.ca, Faculty of Heal th Sciences and Schulich Interfaculty Program in Public Health;	0
Despite the numerous studies that have already been conducted, there is no concise scientometric analysis of the global research architecture so far.	1
Our project analyzed a variety of additional metrics, which allowed us to glean a more nuanced interpretation of academic neurosurgery in the United Kingdom.	1
Shedding light on the nature of the problem may help to address it.	0
As part of the questionnaire, we asked respondents to include a current copy of their curricula vitae with the completed survey.	0
Kai Li: Conceived and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Perfomed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
Moreover, the absolute number of citations will be a function of the number of people working in the area.	0
Further information on research design is available in the Nature Portfolio Reporting Summary linked to this article.	0
It also proposes an action research model that can be used to retrospectively analyse long-term research projects to reflect upon and improve.	1
Keywords FWCI · Field-weighted citation index · Topic prominence percentile · Impact · Visibility	0
These standard deviations were also narrower compared with the total pool.	0
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
An entire bibliometric study can be contained inside a single Taverna workflow that authenticates the user, if needed, takes the user queries, or questions of the study, generates the Web service requests, executes these, retrieves the data and proceeds with further (local) statistical analysis and visualization.	0
Further variables that were obtained by combining the dataset with institutional data were the following: Academic Rank, Tenure Status and Sex.	0
First, a time-aware function is used to express the weight of edges in the paper citation network to compute the prestige value of papers, whereas the papers in the MutualRank model only considers two attributes: authority and soundness values.	1
This underpins a proposal for a novel funding system in which every scientist periodically receives an equal, unconditional amount of funding but must anonymously donate a given fraction of everything he or she receives to other scientists of his or her choice.	1
codes: 0 ‘***’ 0.001 ‘**’ 0.01 ‘*’ 0.05 ‘.’ 0.1 ‘.’ 1; z-value in square brackets; p-value in round brackets; baseline category for: “Age_gr” = “b3040”, “Sex” = “F”, “Region” = “Center”.	0
In this way, the ε-index could prove invaluable as we move toward greater interdisciplinarity, where tenure committees have had difficulty assessing the performance of candidates straddling disciplines [34, 35].	1
This journal set includes journals that publish papers from many subject areas such as Nature or Science	0
He was also involved on different efforts and initiatives to increase scientific research in Latin American countries.	0
Legal Studies: Due to technical difficulties, the person could only participate for a very limited period.	0
Our current study represents the most comprehensive attempt to provide bibliometric “benchmarks” for academic neurosurgery.	1
This final article is available for use under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 2.0 Licence; see http://bmjopen.bmj.com	0
Total downloads of Societies Without Borders content by type of organizational user as defined by Internet Protocol address (see Appendix C for examples).	0
In this study, we have transformed the evolution issue of a single knowledge unit or concept into its egocentric network formation problem from a combinatorial innovation perspective.	1
This study was funded by a National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) postgraduate scholarship.	0
Data availability The Preprint Citations in PLOS dataset is available on Zenodo (Atanassova & Bertin, 2022).	0
Received June 30, 2011; Accepted December 3, 2011; Published December 28, 2011	0
The authors are grateful to the suggestions of a number of anonymous referees.	0
Our framework is unified, capable of integrating the evolution characteristics of any signal for disruption predictions, and scalable, supported by a rich theoretical foundation in GSP.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 682 times since 2006*	0
In cases where a significant portion of the network falls outside the coverage of MPs, this study proposes a method to discover auxiliary MPs from the out-of-coverage parts of the network.	1
in Section 5, we present the model for measuring the social influences of scientist groups;	0
Dr Eugene Garfield termed the method of determination of the impact factor of non-SCI journals as an effective method.	1
Note: The circles indicate the logarithm of the values of P, and Pc observed for each individual researcher	0
This paper proposes a simple graphical mechanism for facilitating the comparison between an author's citation count, as measured by the Euclidean Index (Perry and Perry in Am Econ Rev 106:2722–2741, 2016), and the visibility of the journals within which an author's articles were published, as measured by the Weighted Euclidean Index (Haley in PLoS ONE, 2019a.	1
We aimed in this study to analyze the areas of vascular surgery research conducted in the GCC countries and their quality as well as to identify research areas that need to be augmented.	1
The number of researchers was equal to the number of males and females.	0
To date, authorship practices have not been studied in the physical medicine and rehabilitation literature.	1
First, we have provided evidence that journal lists and citation indices do not correlate with the peer assessment of research quality.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
This provides a new perspective for the study of disciplinary heterogeneity in the future.	1
Websites offer an unobtrusive data source for developing and analyzing information about various types of social science phenomena.	1
The experimental design that we used offers several improvements over previous experiments.	1
We specifically propose to think about technological possibilities for establishing new forms of gift exchange.	1
By visiting the tool at http:// comins.leydesdorff.net, users have the ability to upload and analyze their own data sets downloaded from the WoS.	0
The model also suggests an improved way of counting highly cited publications.	1
However, the theme or topical area of each topic is described with a wordcloud drawn from all the abstracts assigned to a topic, provided in Appendix S1.	0
Acknowledgements This research was supported by a National Science Foundation grant from the Science of Science Policy program award number 0738116.	0
The two analyses refer to different levels of aggregation and provide different types of information.	0
In essence, they provide a nice antidote (and some caution) to the rhetoric and enthusiasm surrounding IDR.	1
The transatlantic scientific collaboration between scholars in the field of strategic management has not been examined to such an extent until now.	1
Then, we discuss the data source we used to choose the nonprofit organizations examined in our study.	0
To address this limitation and better inform policymakers, the current study proposes a new approach drawing on Ph.D.	1
Schematic representation of the proposed method to calculate the fuzzy distance between two scientosemantic domains	0
This study was exempt from review by the Tripler Army Medical Center Department of Clinical Investigation.	0
This article provides an update on two previous papers on the performance of the psychology discipline as measured by the ERA data collection (Crowe & Samartgis, 2015; Crowe & Watt, 2016).	1
is the average number of citations per paper published in 1999 in that field.	0
Developing new metrics to assess the structural position and diversity of collaborators of a scholar and also examining their association with scholars' performance and productivity have been the main novel contributions of this study.	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
8 Comparison of mean h- index for inbred and non-inbred for different universities	0
This article reports on what we believe to be the first empirical study to qualitatively investigate a formal system of impact evaluation – perhaps uniquely undertaken by both academic and non-academic/user assessors – for researchers operating in UK universities in the specific contexts of social science and arts and humanities disciplines.	1
In the case of duplicates and following a contact with Altmetric.com, we summed all the altmetric scores for the duplicate publications.	0
Consider the h-table (Table 3) and its corresponding hw-table (Table 4).	0
Through a collaborative approach between librarians and academics, and through two separate methods of data collection – one that was task-based around the university's institutional repository, followed by qualitative interviews that investigated the academics' scholarly communication practices – we were able to identify and address some of these issues at a local level, while some more general ones such as attitudes to and awareness of open access still remain.	1
Clarifying and describing the elements of successful interdisciplinary team research may provide a blueprint for future researchers that addresses these challenges as they establish their own interdisciplinary teams and engage in collaborative team research.	1
1 The decision to include only the top 14 journals was based on the fact that there was a 29% decrease in the number of citations between the fourteenth and fifteenth most-cited journals.	0
we attempt to make a further step toward understanding the complex structure of international scientific collaboration by moving away from the state-centric approach.	1
In this brief communication, we present both a global map with the functionality of a Google Map (zooming, etc.) and network maps based on normalized relations.	1
In the remainder of the article, we report Monte Carlo results for each field and inequality measure and explore what happens when real-world citation data from each of the four broad disciplines are adjusted for marginals bias.	0
Open Biology), who are using a virtually identical approach to identify and solicit promising preprints for submission.	1
Conflict of interest We declare that we do not have any commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in connection with the work submitted.	0
The concept of originality is related to the evaluation of the aspects perceived by medical students regarding the factors that encouraged engagement in research activities, as well as the barriers that restricted their involvement, until the final year of study.	1
In this sense, one contribution is supporting structural and contextual ways to compare bibliometrics and altmetrics in content level.	1
The current study aims to design an analytical method that can better reveal the implicit semantic associations between scientific discoveries and technological innovations.	1
In a nutshell, our results, even if largely in line with previous research, depict a more nuanced portrait of the evolution of research interests than previously thought [2, 5, 37, 38].	1
A very interesting and novel result is that articles selected for a press release have more odds of being cited.	1
Publication distribution of top five countries/territories in KM (Source: SSCI database).	0
The studies objective was to identify additional research areas dealing with information dissemination and citation practices in computer science.	0
Jonghan Hyun, PhD, is an assistant professor in the Fashion School at Kent State University.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Time evolution of the 315 ISI indexed articles written by Professor Ebeling	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
It should be noted that, due to the limitations in their datasets, these studies investigate the effect of aging in a manner that fails to account for the fact that researchers potentially belong to different cohorts (Levin and Stephan 1991; Lawrence and Blackburn 1988).	0
Therefore, our study is the first to conduct a random sample survey and provide information about not only those who use scholarly pirate resources but also those who do not, and the reasons behind each decision.	1
Using the coupling coordination degree model to measure the NQPKE avoids the ineffective coupling of high coupling degree formed by the low-level development of digital productivity and green productivity under the single coupling perspective in previous studies.	1
However, this concept has never been proven in a bibliometric study.	1
Motivated by its 10th anniversary in 2021, this study aims to develop a bibliometric analysis of the publications of the journal between April 2011 and October 2021.	1
Demonstrating impact is already difficult (Watermeyer 2011; Penfield et al. 2014; McCowan 2018), but evidencing impact when it is once (or more) removed, and collecting evidence from researchers who may already be feeding in evidence across multiple mechanisms, is perhaps, even more challenging.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2012 999	0
This bibliometric overview can serve as a starting point for identifying current countries, sources and thematic foci in existing research articles addressing the SDGs.	1
This editorial illustrates differences in paper structure between high-impact and desk-rejected papers.	1
These features were not in the previous research, and they are under-researched.	1
Up to the best of our knowledge, this is the first endeavor that shows an empirical estimate of the relationship between Sci-Hub downloads and citations.	1
Author perception of peer review: impact of review quality and acceptance on satisfaction.	0
We end our paper by drawing conclusions and lessons (Section 6).	0
Based on our experiences described in the vignettes, we argue against the myth of security as a special space that cannot be entered and shaped by a critical researcher working towards the democratization of science, technology and politics.	1
Using this simple framework, with its mature components and proven technologies, contributions can be easily captured and quan- tified.	1
Equal journals have the same ranking number, and then a gap is left in the ranking numbers	0
There is almost no difference between the performance of our three models.	0
The initial concave and convex curvatures of plots of cumulative citations L(t) of individual articles against citation time t can be explained satisfactorily using unified Avrami–Weibull Eq. (3), with the exponent q and the time constant Θ.	1
Figure 3: Distribution of Number of Scholars Publishing Articles in the Top Three Journals	0
Multiple approaches all leading to the same conclusion are more persuasive than only using one approach.	1
The following remarks are cast largely in terms of peer review of manuscripts for possible journal publication, but they also apply generally to peer review of grant proposals.	0
The current study fills this gap in research and provides suggestions for junior researchers who wish to establish their mettle as high research performance researchers.	1
Our results revealed a steady increase in scientific co-authorships between ERA and LAC countries as a result of the increasingly complex web of relationships that has been weaved among scientists from the two regions.	1
In our study, we have also provided a methodological discussion related to the use of SNSs data for research.	1
Still others propose to assign a fraction of credit proportional to the position of author names in the by-line (Oppenheim, 1998; van Hooydonk, 1997; Trueba & Guerrero, 2004).	0
Department of Sociology, New York University, 295 Lafayette Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10012-9605, USA	0
In this paper we propose a general construction method for aggregation operators that may be used in assessing output of scientists.	1
To minimize bias, the analysts took part in a briefing session concerning the importance of reflexivity prior to beginning the analysis.	0
This new approach makes essential the ability to access works under evaluation easily.	1
Co-readership, special issues and journal sections data have so far never been used in the evaluation of bibliometric publication clustering solutions and are therefore a novel contribution of this study.	1
For this purpose, we introduce and apply two recently developed indicators of relative intensity and balance in international collaboration.	1
Methodologically speaking, I demonstrate the use of a relatively new technology - multilevel ERGMs – to analyze empirical data to produce sociologically relevant findings.	1
6 Multiple versions of this ranking are circulating in the Web while its real origin and the ranking methodology is unknown.	0
Our findings also highlighted some inconvenient facts particularly regarding deficient methodological practices.	1
However, no studies have examined the relationship between output and levels of development and equity.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:425905 []	0
ESA journals seem to be largely free from quantitative bias against women authors in peer review.	1
This research offers an important contribution to scholarly communication studies by integrating considerations of correlation and descriptive analysis on the reward triangle.	1
2010 ASIS&T Published online 13 October 2010 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
A further objective of this study was thus to develop a method by which such influences can be assessed and monitored.	1
The author thanks Professor Jinying Su in the National University of Defense Technology for her helpful comments and feedback.	0
This is the first study to provide an overview of the published literature on T2DM using specifically designed software to analyse large scale data, bibliometric approaches and density-equalizing mapping.	1
However, few bibliometric studies on the SVM have been reported to reveal its internal structure and development trend, which is the focus of this study.	1
The paper contributes, in an empirical and exploratory manner, to a growing body of knowledge concerning the production of knowledge, and how this knowledge is produced and affected by the choices and instruments of funding agencies.	1
We developed a method to identify citations that question the validity of previous results and to analyze their incidence and patterns to determine their role, relevance, and impact using bibliometric data, NLP techniques, and domain experts.	1
Received: 8 July 2022 Accepted: 23 September 2023 Published online: 06 October 2023	0
In sum, we recommend an informational redesign of (a) the layout of the title page insofar as all authors and their most persistent correspondence information should be listed in alphabetical order of their family names, thereby clearly indicating the individual contributions using the CRediT taxonomy (Allen et al., 2014), (b) the in-text citations by using a numeric rather than an author-date-system, and (c) the bibliography so that the work's title appears as the first information and the names of the authors (listed alphabetically) are listed after the publication year.	1
In addition to this comparison, our paper illustrates a general method for evaluating research projects, as depicted in PORs or other summaries.	1
i = 1–230 patents and Zi = {mixed team, e-com, sci-rep, sci-spe, tech-spe, team size, tech-complex, tech-interdisc, S&T dist, lab size, ind-rep, CNRS}.	0
Downloaded from nejm.org at DUKE MEDICAL CENTER LIBRARY on November 15, 2015.	0
For obverse ranking levels, the overall correlation is 0.4673, and the highest correlation occurs in the top 100 level.	0
Recognising the need for contextualising the emergence of these platforms, this study offers a theoretically informed critique of ResearchGate and Impactstory and their role in shaping the (online) identity of researchers.	1
I am grateful for advice from Dev Jennings and Marc-David Seidel on the content and writing, and for ideas and inspiration from the participants of the 2017 Academy of Management session ‘ASQ Paper Development Workshop: Improving Evidence Presentation in Management Research’.	0
Finally, we present conclusions of our study and suggest future directions.	0
None of the above studies addressed the question of addition of authors, funders, and COI disclosures in the peer-reviewed versions.	1
Citations of papers followed the same pattern irrespective of discipline, subject or journal: citations of papers published in the same year but different month were obviously different in the first few publishing years, but as time went on, only the difference in publication month in a calendar year did not affect the papers' longer-term citation.	1
An and r stands for the author number and the author rank	0
In case of disagreement between the two reviewers, consensus was achieved through open discussion.	0
If HF disagreed about a category into which XZL assigned a tweet, we talked it over and then assigned the tweet into a category we both agreed to.	0
Canadian Association of Emergency Medicine (CAEP) Conference 2015 (May 30-June 3) in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (L005 and MP09)	0
This does not imply that the article was rejected at the peer-review stage.	0
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
*On staff for at least three years in the 2014–2018 period	0
The articles proposed through the collective recommendation of several hundred experienced researchers probably do not represent an 'ultimate', invariant list, but they certainly contain many high-quality articles that are undoubtedly worth reading—regardless of the specific field of interest in ecology—to foster the understanding, knowledge and inspiration of early-career scientists.	1
Here, however, we predict that when the number of papers published each year grows very large, the rapid flow of new papers can force scholarly attention to already well-cited papers and limit attention for less-established papers—even those with novel, useful, and potentially transformative ideas.	1
This confirms the potential to use hnorm as an alternative indicator to the average number of citations.	0
But it also results from the fact that the increase in the average number of items published per year was greater for non-CEBJ core journals.	0
Consequently, the results presented here, along with the interactive dashboard and data, provide academic decision-makers with normative information that can be broken down by various variables (e.g., department, rank) across multiple metrics that can be used to evaluate the scholarly impact of I-O psychologists.	1
Received: 22 March 2020; Revised: 2 June 2020; Accepted: 22 July 2020	0
This does not mean that such products should or could not be taken into account.	0
In addition to global metrics, we propose the development of local metrics, which are measures concerning online content dependent only on the institution being evaluated.	1
This paper innovatively starts from the process and outcome of DTI.	1
However, we believe that number of ophthalmologists in each country is a more useful indicator as it factors in population size, resources, the burden of eye disease and a country's commitment to ophthalmic services.	1
As might be expected, there were several important differences in the distribution of authorships by area between the four countries (Table 6).	0
time being we may broadly regard “quantity” as amount of total research output and “quality” as the productivity/ impact of research output.	0
The offset model nicely transfers the idea of how size-independent indicators are constructed into IRT modeling of researcher performance capacity (cf.	1
"Proposed measure of novelty" section describes the nov-elty indicator analyzed in this study;	0
The first cut is the deepest: repeated interactions of coauthorship and academic productivity in Nobel laureate teams	0
Figure 1 shows the number of citations per year for each of the F-group articles.	0
Received: 19 March 2020 / Accepted: 6 May 2020/Published online: 16 May 2020	0
The contribution of this paper is in applying the "crown indicator" for the first time to departments in business and management (in the open scientific literature), in this case three Business Schools in the UK.	1
The analysis presented in this paper shows that the two bibliometric databases examined tend to gradually reduce the number of old omitted citations, although this reduction is relatively slow for both.	1
Affiliation of only the first author of the article is recognized and analyzed	0
1 A journal warranting strong rigor in the acceptance of manuscripts for publication, mainly based on the originality and relevance of the tested hypotheses as judged by a strong and thorough peer-review system.	0
The quote not only emphasizes that scientists build on existing knowledge to produce new ideas, but also that knowledge produced by scientific “giants,” i.e.	0
The peak on October 2003 corresponded to a criminal case in which an expert witness accused the police of forensic “scientific misconduct," and that phrase was repeated in dozens of articles.	0
The diagram includes all distinct entries (n = 72) of the top-25 most prolific authors of the three journal sets (MeSH-MI-, MeSH-Med-, Schuemie corpus).	0
Apart from the new institutional evaluation regimes in this interplay, there appear to be more predominant factors than journal lists that inform publishing choices: quantitative indicators, publishers' branding, epistemic cultures, and editorial procedures and publishing models.	1
In doing so, this article constructs three novel patent indicators, namely the total interdisciplinarity technological area (I(i)), the total interdisciplinarity sector (Is(i)), and the total interdisciplinarity index (TI(i)).	1
We created a citation stream of influence for each key paper across up to five generations of citations.	1
This paper represents the first comparison of publication productivity based on sex in the field of neurosurgery.	1
Proof: Suppose that the index of faculty in D1 is {d1, d2, .	0
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this paper are available online at http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.	0
In addition to answering these research questions, this study makes the following contributions:	1
We propose a measure by which Clarivate Analytics could correct the JIF, by reducing the citations for the corrected paper since the year in which it was corrected, and adjusting the journal's JIF.	1
The authors thank Ignacio Bergillos and Iván Bort for their assistance in access and extraction of the articles from journals.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The data used to support the findings of this study are available from the corresponding author upon request.	0
Our paper contributes to this endeavour by providing an in-depth knowledge of how such interactions can be managed, as well as a more precise understanding of the key choices to be made in the design and implementation of such an ontology.	1
The nCR values of the three domains in this study are listed in Table 4 and are illustrated as in Fig.	0
Thus, the result of this study might have important implications for webmasters and universities.	1
However, earlier studies have neglected the social aspects (peer pressure and self-efficacy) of plagiarism.	1
there are currently few studies that have captured the reactions of academic researchers post process (Manville et al.	1
To handle this problem, we used the average citation rates of the respective subfields as the basis for the calculations for the multiple assigned journals.	0
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
where the integer k represents a time point in a discrete data series and ωc is the normalized cutoff frequency of the low-pass filter.	0
Based on XGBoost [26], we propose a novel prediction model, which has the ability to generate accurate predictions and explain the prediction performance.	1
Our empirical discovery of an invariant ratio between novel technological combinations and the reuse of existing technologies in the patent record suggests the possibility that invention has been nearly optimal.	1
Received: 17 February 2017; Accepted: 29 March 2017; Published: 6 April 2017	0
1108 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2002	0
First, the number of assessed articles in this study is extensive and nearly up-to-date, which is why Nature Communications and PLoS One were chosen.	1
In the present study, we identify two distinct types of dubious cross-national affiliations that may exist in the datasets for IRC analysis.	1
This was necessary because of concerns about duplicate and erroneous citation counting by Google Scholar [6].	0
Since research on creativity in Spain has not been summarized yet, the scholarship's situation remains unclear.	1
The word predatory, in Merriam-Webster's dictionary, means a tendency to harm or deprive another person's benefits for personal gain, which fits the meaning of predatory journals.	0
In particular, systematic investigation of IDR's effects on scientific careers has been neglected.	1
Jo?o Paulo Mota Telles: conceptualization, validation, writing review and editing, supervision.	0
However, a comprehensive study to examine the authors' opinions including how importantly they consider the inclusion of a target journal in certain A&I databases; reasons for their selections; and obstacles they meet when publishing in journals included in leading A&I databases has not been conducted so far.	1
* These totals will not agree with those in table four, due to the citation of more than one source for single references.	0
The scales values range from 1 = Nothing to 4 = Very Much.	0
TABLE 1 Comparison of the overall results (n = 561) with the results obtained by analysing only the journals included in the cluster analysis (n = 327).	0
We use the aggregate impact factor of the citing journals as a measure of the citation potential in the journal topic, and we employ this citation potential in the normalization of the journal impact factor to make it comparable between scientific fields.	1
Indicators based on journal editorship offer a new perspective compared with the most commonly used publication counts and citations to assess the institutional impact.	1
In this article, we characterize the 1,080 OA journals and 7,331 subscription journals in JCR 2012 by 22 major fields, country of publication, and two- and five-year IF.	1
Nevertheless, the extent of talent migration and cross-border collaboration are not fully understood.	1
Our study turns the theoretical question of habitus transformation into a micro analytical approach by expanding Bourdieu's concept in three ways.	1
In our contribution, we seek to determine the motivational factors that drive scientific mobility.	1
It is clear that the chance of drawing a black or white ball does not change after each withdrawal this way.	0
There is a discrepancy between licencing information retrieved from the SciELO portals and the data from the journals' official websites, with a 20% deviation between both sources.	1
Our approach improves on the existing methods, including LitCovid, by covering a larger set of papers with the inclusion of PubMed and CORD-19 along with SARS/MERS papers, a larger and more specific set of topics, identification of article types (e.g., Reviews), integration of Altmetric esteem data, and indexing by a wide set of biomedical terms (e.g., drugs, viral lineages, and so forth).	1
Furthermore, this study has postulated a potential methodological opportunity to compare research output across disciplines or specific areas of study based on a linkage between Bradford's Law of scattering and Jenks's analysis of natural breaks.	1
Thus, our results contribute to uncover the complex dynamics of scientific production in time focusing on the tension between exploration and exploitation that any researcher likely faces.	1
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
The spike in research publications following the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (Covid-19) outbreak, however, has been like no other.	1
Keywords Google Maps · Journal · VOSviewer · Classification · Visualization · Cluster	0
Users may print, download, or email articles for individual use only.	0
Downloaded from http://jme.bmj.com/ on April 21, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
Triple-A journals are defined in this analysis as those that are indexed in SCIE, SSCI and/or in Scopus.	1
To address these shortcomings, we propose an easy to apply, universally comparable and fair tool to measure and report author contribution.	1
Keywords Societal impact · Relevance · Third mission · Universities · Policy instrument Problematization	0
This study, therefore, proposes a new measure, combined relevance (CR), to reduce such impact.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 65(3):560-577, 2014	0
Funding This research was supported by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research [Grant Number M527800].	0
We would like to thank the anonymous reviewers and the editor for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
Keywords H-index · Highly cited papers · Bibliometric measures · Social Work	0
Zuckerman (1968) did not provide figures on the rate of single-author publication by Nobel laureates.	0
However, the impact of gastroenterology and hepatology studies from mainland China has not been investigated so far to the best of our knowledge.	1
Abbreviations: CPP, citations per paper; H, Hirsch H index; Hm, Schreiber Hm index; NC, total citations; NP, number of papers; NS, total citations to papers for which the scientist is single author; NSF, total citations to papers for which the scientist is single or first author; NSFL, total citations to papers for which the scientist is single, first, or last author	0
* Each data point represents the total publications (ie, total count of individual publications published by all authors on each grant application during the previous 6 years) for each project grant application plotted against the mean track record score given to each application by reviewers.	0
introduce a framework for extracting details about the transition state of rearrangement reactions directly from vibrational spectral data.	1
However, no study has undertaken a broader analysis in which both academic and enlightenment book publications have been included.	1
Moreover, this choice allowed us to incorporate a unique descriptor of the reference list based on an analysis published in 2018 on seminal papers in ecology (Courchamp and Bradshaw 2018) (see “Seminality index” in Table 1).	1
Those new heatmaps are less misleading than classical ones.	1
The analysis is based on data from a study on "Dynamics and Productivity of Academic Research", led by Veronica Stolte-Heiskanen.	0
Based on the SVA, researchers with potential scholarly impact in the IS domain are measured and identified in different time periods.	1
Table 4A The ratio of observed contributions (OC) to high-impact overall levels to expected contributions (EC) By geographical area in every scientific fielda the OC captures only the incidence (B = 0), the incidence and the intensity (β = 1), or the incidence, the intensity, and the inequality (β = 2) of the high-impact phenomenon.	0
The study provides intellectual milestones in hip research, reflecting on the qualities and characteristics of the research.	1
The index time of the WoS database studied in this article may provide some new perspectives on the time issue in bibliometric analysis and scientific research evaluation.	1
This study contributes to expanding the existing knowledge on the relationships among usage counts, Mendeley readership, and citations in journal and conference papers, providing new insights into the relationship between the three metrics through mediation analysis.	1
Likewise, the results contributed to understanding the relationship between SR and rural communities with forms of participation which are consolidated when fostering conservation practices to promote SD of protected environments and territories with social environmental conflict derived from extractive activities affecting inhabitants’ live quality positively and negatively.	1
The following Table 5 compiles the data of German university libraries (data according to Deutsche Bibliotheksstatistik (German Library Statistics)).38	0
A breadth relevant citation metric favors consistent achievers over one-hit wonders.	1
The present study builds on the work of Griffin by conducting a citation analysis of doctoral dissertations with a focus on the field of nursing in preparation for a new DNP program.	1
This article introduces a method to calculate national research impact indicators from Mendeley, using citation counts from older time periods to partially compensate for international biases in Mendeley readership.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
Distribution of RSCI-2018 economics journals by quartiles in the Science Index ranking.	0
Most importantly, this paper demonstrates that the distinction between genuine and pseudo-external hyperlinks is meaningful for journalism because pseudo-external hyperlinks less frequently present health-related information than genuine external hyperlinks.	1
Remarks: Only including the categories to which all papers produced by the key projects are related.	0
Furthermore, to the best of our knowledge, this work is the first to bring together several theories of creative breakthrough into one single study, thereby taking a comprehensive look at the phenomenon and the research field.	1
We add to these results by specifically comparing the reviews of papers from China and English-speaking countries.	1
However, no study was published in this issue for melanoma disease.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—April 2008	0
Received: 11 October 2020 / Accepted: 4 January 2021 / Published online: 25 January 2021	0
We showed that the new opinion-bearing words in the research domain included in SentiStrength for the impact assessment of tweets on scientific literature improved the predictive power of the classic SentiStrength model.	1
Therefore, this study devised a model based on meta-knowledge (i.e., text information including citations, abstracts, area codes) for prediction of future growth potential using deep learning algorithms and investigated the applicability of the various forms of meta-knowledge to the prediction of future growth potential.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
This paper fills a gap in the literature by showing the equivalence of two existing solutions.	1
Personal subscriptions to Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Online are for individual use only and may not be transferred.	0
However, there is limited bibliometric analysis on this topic (Hao et al., 2020; Oh & Kim, 2020).	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Gheorghe Ruxanda on 09 March 2021.	0
In addition, the authors acknowledge the contributions of Dr Richard Carlin, Office of Naval Research, for sponsoring this effort.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:331053 []	0
18 The reader is reminded of the limitations as to coding, especially with respect to entries that are very small numbers.	0
Agencia Laín Entralgo, Consejería de Sanidad y Consumo (Comunidad de Madrid), Madrid (Spain)	0
Downloaded from jos.sagepub.com at University of Ulster Library on March 11, 2015	0
Conflict of interest All authors certify that they have no affiliations with or involvement in any organization or entity with any financial interest or non-financial interest in the subject matter or materials discussed in this manuscript.	0
Our study provides benchmark data for the RCR of academic dermatologists, which we hope will prove useful for self-evaluation and grant, hiring, and promotional decisions.	1
Conflict of interest The author has no interests to disclose that are relevant for this study.	0
a Researchers are listed in alphabetical order of their last names.	0
In conclusion, this study demonstrates the bibliometric and professional characteristics of lung cancer screening.	1
?2009 by the authors; licensee Molecular Diversity Preservation International, Basel, Switzerland.	0
In this paper, we will define formally a category of meanings conveyed by phylomemies [15] as phenomenological reconstructions.	1
A secondary purpose is to augment the fragmentary research on book publisher quality by utilizing receipt of book awards as an indicator of publisher quality within the field of political science.	1
This article showed evidence of an undocumented vulnerability affecting the process of metadata registration for academic works.	1
In our proposed Ks-index, we have considered the performance/h-index of authors who have cited certain paper by an author under consideration i.e., rather than the citation of the paper, we have considered the h-index of the authors of the citations.	1
we propose that citation cartels are defined as groups of authors that cite each other disproportionately more than they do other groups of authors that work on the same subject.	1
The somewhat recent introduction of impact to UK research assessment in particular [see for example, 6–8], means there is much learning to be done in the facilitation of impact and the writing of case studies to showcase this.	1
Each of these points toward an avenue for future scientometrics study.	0
In a small sample, the interval of the possible error must be large.)	0
This could be looked at in the same dataset presented here, looking at a full scale of distance (up to the maximum length of the grey literature document being tested) and analysed using a similar or different statistical method to see where a crossover from underprediction to overprediction occurs, considering false positives and negatives if possible.	0
The articles in the figure are ordered by their field designations (anthropology, biology, physics, and psychology respectively) as codified in the original index.	0
Sandia is a multiprogram laboratory operated by Sandia Corporation, a Lockheed Martin Company, for the United States Department of Energy under Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
Finally, we have shown that time consistent rankings of countries can be obtained that capture the contribution of countries to the development of a technological field over time.	1
The opinion may widely vary as to what constitutes a representative set of keywords for a given conference held annually.	0
These results are in accordance with results found by Hudson (1996) who analyzed eight leading economics journals using observations from the period 1950 to 1993.	0
This paper provides a comprehensive comparative analysis of the South East European countries scientific output and impact by Frascati fields of science in the period of 2005–2010.	1
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
However, as we show in this article, Latin America has become a key site of contestation over the rankings paradigm.	1
Therefore, the dataset is completely anonymous and consent to participate in the study was not necessary.	0
Corresponding author at: Center for Studies of Information Resources, School of Information Management, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China.	0
Until now, very little attention has been spent to evaluate the research performance of Iraqi-Kurdistan universities.	1
The research findings suggest that new open approaches are needed to address the evolving tension and conflicts between communication and certification.	1
Figure S1: Cumulative number of articles and citations by ten nations during 2000-2014.	0
To summarize—we see similarities between previous characterizations and the one developed in this study, but our classification is more complete, since we used multiple facets instead of a single facet at a time, like in most previous papers (except for Haas & Grams, 1998a, 1998b).	0
Table 1 Mean values of impact and collaboration by funding sector (weighted samples with FA, WoS 2008-2013)	0
In addition, a modified clustering method using edge betweenness is proposed to improve the effect of clustering.	1
As Figure 1 indicates, both publications and citations had significant positive paths to measures taken five and ten years later.	0
This shift is due to the impact plant science has had in economically important areas, such as agriculture, horticulture, forestry, and energy.	0
This article was downloaded by: [Computing & Library Services, University of Huddersfield]	0
The numbers of papers and the proportions of all papers in each class are given in Table 1.	0
In this study, therefore, we applied two separate cultural models and the relevant datasets, that is, Hofstede's national culture dimensions (HNCD) and Inglehart-Welzel cultural values (IWCV).	1
In addition, this current research considers the research of an institution's PhD graduates as contributing to its impact on the field and we study a much longer time frame in order to provide a more comprehensive picture.	1
Department of Management, University of Bologna, Via Capo di Lucca 34, 40126 Bologna, Italy	0
To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first to present a comprehensive perspective on the factors influencing IRC.	1
More details of the model can be found in our Matlab code provided upon reasonable request.	0
In the literature the authors have found no significant contributions on this topic.	1
Lastly, our work presents an interventional research design that is a novel departure from other studies of the evaluation process.	1
In the present study, we wish to revisit the question of monographs based on OAETs, to inform the advice provided to students, starting from the premise that it is unlikely that the content of a monograph will substantially mirror the doctoral thesis from which it is derived.	1
Page numbers were recorded only for printed articles, omitting 19 submitted articles available only in manuscript format.	0
A draft of this article was created in fulfillment of the Academic Libraries and Scholarly Communication course taught by Dr.	0
We introduce a novel paradigm for the division of HVBSCH in online social networks, which does not only focus on the formation of communities within online social networks but also utilizes individual characteristics to classify users into different communities and dig out the internal hierarchical structure of these communities.	1
In any case, the field of IS is clearly distinct from that of SSE.	0
Let us recall that index i refers to a publication year.	0
This paper presents a novel method for finding features in the analysis of variable distributions stemming from time series.	1
A ranking of all institutions is available from the authors upon request.	0
Participants were given an opportunity to add comments about the study in an open text field.	0
At present, the concept of potential energy is extensively applied to many fields, such as knowledge potential energy (Cani?ls & Verspagen, 2001; Chen, 2010; Willcocks et al., 2004; Zhuge, Guo, & Li, 2007) and information potential energy (Zhang, 2018).	1
Shuiqing Huang · Bo Yang · Sulan Yan · Ronald Rousseau	0
Analysis of accuracy using various existing technique is shown in Fig.	0
Whether authors can be well identified or not is still an open problem.	0
This study contributes to the research on the young returnee scientists' impact, looking at their effect on the academic productivity of their peers.	1
This study described the pattern of academic productivity by board-certified emergency physicians in South Korea between 1996 and 2011.	1
This study analyzed the frequency of scientific publication by undergraduate dental students at a private Peruvian university over seven years, revealing an overall publication rate of 9.35%.	1
What is fascinating is the extent to which Zoom brought into focus the ways in which scientific research has not yet been "platformized.”	1
Also, our algorithm improves the search process by directing it to the promising regions where the probability of finding successful teams is high.	1
Yrjo Lappalainen: Conceptualization, Methodology, Software, Writing - Original draft preparation, Data curation.	0
This is making the proposed framework a valuable contribution that brings innovation to the field.	1
This work was jointly supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Nos.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study to compare a generative probabilistic model with traditional topic detecting methods.	1
The present article aims to provide better insight into the theoretical and empirical relation between performance management in higher education and academic integrity, using self-reported information at the individual and group levels.	1
There are cases where it is only the context of the seemingly ordinary, regular formal-indexed reference in the main text of the article that contains this indirect-collective reference function.	0
The numbers for Harvard (46), Chicago (57), Northwestern (39), MIT (34), or Duke (21) serve equally well to make the point.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
For a review on the pros and cons of both approaches see, e.g., Frey and Rost (2010) and Breuer (2009).	0
Given these problems, we revolve around the top-cited articles covering the different footprint indicators in the field of footprint research, also called as the EFF field, to fill a gap in the bibliometric study.	1
In the next sections, we first present our research methodology and then investigate how IB research conducted by authors in European nations has developed within this context.	0
This paper addresses this important gap in the literature through the exploration of intersectoral collaboration within Vancou- ver's infection and immunity research and development field.	1
However, this issue has not been properly addressed in the extant literature.	1
DARE provides an original method combining narratives, maps, and indicators, to support a multi-dimensional analysis of teams engaged in knowledge production and application.	1
See Appendix 1 for the list of the universities and related information.	0
This study differs from others mainly in that it explores the structure and dynamics of collaboration among Brazilian actors (researchers and major knowledge areas) through network topological metrics.	1
Second, study results provide valuable guidance to authors and editors on active scholars' perceptions of journal quality and importance and can assist tenure & promotion committees in assessing finance research and university libraries in managing their journal resources.	1
Section IV signifies a case study of the CORES illustrating the computation of document similarity in a comprehensive way.	0
The study defines the whole profile of international academic publishing, presenting its diachronic evolution, identifying research front, detecting emerging trends and abrupt changes.	1
The value of the NPI in the context of this study is precisely that it identifies and assigns a numerical value to different publication practices, making explicit what is often implicit in the evaluation of research performance.	1
It is more reasonable to use “square root law" to define the collaboration score than simply use collaboration authors only.	1
Copyright of PLoS Biology is the property of Public Library of Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
This paper presents a condensed history documenting the trends of top-cited bioethics literature from 1975 to 2014, which enriches our understanding of its diversified and prominent scholarship.	1
FIGURE 2 | Citations per publication in 2019 and 2020 disaggregated regionally (Africa, 2021).	0
We took into consideration the importance of information containing core structures in science and technology documents and proposed a clustering methodology that analyzes structured and unstructured data, such as textual information, author information, and citation information.	1
Therefore, the final citation matrix was obtained as a binary 41 × 41 matrix.	0
An unrelated issue is that Mendeley reader counts change their relationship with citation counts over time.	0
The following table (Table 2) illustrates the distribution of publisher types.	0
Individual factors are usually treated biographically, e.g., Z's father died of cancer in Z's youth, leading Z to a lifelong dedication to cancer research.	0
By way of illustration, if a professor was mentioned in a list of conference attenders, a call for papers (CFP), workshop, task force meeting, seminar, transcript of a conference speech, or was cited as a panelist, program committee chair, or program committee member, the category “conference” was used.	0
Proofs that 'DS satisfies these properties for all q are provided in Leinster and Cobbold (2012).	0
Multi-platform social media studies acknowledge these limitations and present an alternative stance.	1
In this study we propose a two-step solution to explore the knowledge map of a domain in open web space.	1
Authors are employees of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.	0
2018) and publication decisions (Colussi 2018) but also for appointment to the editorial boards of leading journals.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11948-017-9886-2) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
We aim to propose a new two-dimension metric to identify revolutionary science according to Kuhn's (1962, p.	1
However, these meager citation counts can influence the h of a non-negligible number of individuals with h < 3.	0
Our contribution to the literature of knowledge diffusion is twofold: first, we empirically assess the role of borders as well as cultural and linguistic links on scientific citations using a state-of-the-art gravity model.	1
We conclude that opening up peer review reports did not benefit papers in Nature Communications in terms of citations.	1
One objective of this study was to develop a multidimensional model of research fraud.	0
Since the coverage of Scopus is wider than WoS and Google Scholar does not allow (most) automated searching, Microsoft Academic is currently the automatable source of citation information that can find the earliest citation data.	1
Section 2 presents the notations and a detailed discussion of the axioms used.	0
2013; Paolucci and Grimaldo 2014; Kovanis et al.	1
(1) In general, an adult knows better than anyone else what is best for himself.	0
In this article, we use data-driven approaches with a large-scale full-text data set of scientific articles to understand scientific English writing from the perspective of linguistic complexity with special focus on the collaborative writing of authors from different ethnic backgrounds.	1
Our analysis extends this to the state-funded and private HEIs in addition to the central ones using the NIRF (2017) database.	1
Received: 20 July 2020 / Accepted: 9 November 2020 / Published online: 17 December 2020	0
One reason for the reduction might be that the citations are normalized on the base of WoS subject categories.	0
Contrary to what the scientometric literature indicates, the scientific articles that were published in closed access journals are cited more often than the scientific articles that were published in open access journals.	1
An emerging original finding is represented by the relevance of the interconnection among innovation in curriculum design, learning and teaching strategy, and topics and skills to be included in a programme of study.	1
students who are considering entering the academic accounting profession (and to those interested in recruiting them).	1
We show that these changes are not moving documents randomly, but in fact identify small groups of papers either at the borderline between different topics or combining those.	1
The paper opens up a new empirical domain for further empirical tests of career productivity and calls for policy discussions around the implications of the idea of the annus mirabilis.	1
Equation 5, which presents the final and most reasonable model, is the basis for discussion in the rest of this paper.	0
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
this study has identified and confirmed two important limitations with respect to URL mentions, also previously detected by Thelwall and Sud (2011).	1
Our approach to focus on tweets from researchers enables a peer-review like consideration of content relevance and to distinguish between impact in the (wider) academic community and the general public.	1
Moreover, the number of hits in GS is potentially far greater than the number of documents retrieved, since any one document may be represented by several bibliographic records taken from various sources.	0
Using unique Japanese patent data and a community-detection method, we separate Japanese business establishments into communities composed of connections through joint patent applications.	1
Decomposing the normative and PBC constructs is uncommon in TPB research, and a novel approach in OA research.	1
Notes: Standard errors in parentheses (*p < 0.05, **p < 0.01, ***p < 0.001).	0
Other countries are Belgium, Australia, Croatia, Czech Republic, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Switzerland, Austria, Canada, Egypt, India, Israel, Korea, and The Netherlands.	0
In this paper, the following sections discuss the content in detail, i.e., Sect.	0
From the perspective of the authors, this lack represents the research gap that is primarily intended to be closed with this article.	1
This somewhat contrasts with general science where articles are written by fewer authors.	1
This reveals the three citation-based indicators (total citations, h-index, and citations per publication) can reflect scientists' impact from different directions, in that total citations is a symbol of the overall impact, h-index is able to show one's highly cited papers, and citations per publication is more likely a representative of average impact.	1
Additional file on GitHub (see footnote 5) contains MATLAB source code that generates an audio/video interface file.	0
Code 0 = no Dutch research council activity; code 1 = any Dutch research council activity.	0
2009041110001), as well as the project of “Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities” (Grant No.	0
Below I describe key negotiations reported by my informants within these themes, as well as some coping strategies (all names are pseudonyms).	0
Third, the paper identifies non-co-authorship-based star connections using acknowledgements in the publication, where we hypothesise that such non-co-authorship-based interactions have an impact on a scientist's productivity.	1
Conflict of interest: The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest.	0
In that way, to our knowledge, no documents are currently available evaluating the rehabilitation research field trends in Spain.	1
Therefore, the current study aims to bridge these significant gaps in the current state of the art.	1
* This research was funded by Eski?ehir Osmangazi University Scientific Research Projects Commission (Project Numbered 2014/21007).	0
In this respect and more broadly, in addition to focusing on teams, we thus advocate the enrichment of the notion of team by considering teams as joint groupings of both agents and semantic items.	0
In addition, the article tries to contribute to the measurement of SC.	1
Received: 05 November 2011; accepted: 06 July 2012; published online: 07 August 2012.	0
The number of most frequently cited hosts is small, but these account for a large proportion of the number of Web citations.	0
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
Although there have been studies that have examined the different citation practices across disciplines, relatively little research has investigated the citation rates of subject areas within a single discipline.	1
Our theoretical analysis informs the econometric specification and allows citation increases to be translated into welfare terms.	1
The data in this figure is based on Table 1 of Appendix.	0
In this work, for inventor collaboration recommendations, a minimal link semantics (MLS) approach based framework is built to overcome these major drawbacks and to improve usability.	1
This study did not constitute human subjects research and thus did not require review by the local institutional review board.	0
Received: 29 May 2012/Accepted: 12 July 2012/Published online: 5 August 2012	0
2.3 | Overall journal trend analysis (1999–2024) and bibliometric data collection	0
We gain new insights by applying the international trade theories to international collaboration.	1
Bridging this gap is one of the objectives of this study.	1
Second, the PE score introduces a new contractual instrument to the influencer advertising space.	1
Table 9 Topics in which the dot-science web domains are most frequently categorized, and their average Topical Trust Flow (Majestic)	0
My first gratitude goes to God Almighty who has kept me alive and going all these days.	0
Received October 16, 2006; revised December 19, 2006; accepted January 22, 2007	0
Our approach provides the opportunity not only to describe large clusters within the field of marine biodiversity, but also to show how these topical clusters differ in time and across regions.	1
The results can help granting agencies and academic institutions in the development of policies for funding APC and of strategic planning.	1
Highlights Altmetric data of the most recent 25,000 dental articles.	1
There was no discussion of these output patterns at the time, or later, but the patterns and their evolution had marked consistency across subjects and institutions.	1
Leveraging such developments, this paper explores the first dynamic blockmodel of the co-authorship network among Slovenian social scientists spanning three decades, from 1991 to 2020.	1
FIGURE 1 Aggregate statistics on the extent to which reviewers are anonymized in journals' review process.	0
Despite the clear importance of the topic, analyses of co-authorship and co-citation networks operating mainly in the field of agricultural economics or agribusiness, are scarce.	1
There are four main steps in a typical scientometric analysis: formulating questions, data retrieval, application of suitable scientometric methods and tools, and interpretation of the results.	0
Although Simpson's D was used in Lauf's (2005) and Demeter's (2018a) research for investigating the authors, this study demonstrated that it is also applicable for measuring the diversity of the editorial community.	1
However, no study has evaluated big deals through the journal use as citations received by journals although citations could represent the actual journal use in both the pre-digital era and digital era.	1
Here, we present a bibliometric and thematic analysis of publications in the journal, which has been carried out for the first time since the foundation of the journal 55 years ago.	1
This work is supported by the Chinese Academy of Sciences Literature and Information Capacity Building Program, and the Key Research and Development Program of Hubei Province (No.	0
First, we characterize the scientific creativity of scholars by the evolution of the D index of the papers through their careers.	1
Section 2 contains the overview of previous literature, mainly showing how time evolution of received citations has been studied by scholars in the recent past.	0
To cite this article: Joel Alhuay-Quispe, David Quispe-Riveros, Lourdes Bautista-Ynofuente & Josmel Pacheco-Mendoza (2017): Metadata Quality and Academic Visibility Associated with Document Type Coverage in Institutional Repositories of Peruvian Universities, Journal of Web Librarianship	0
We also acknowledge Noriyuki Morichika and Naohiro Shichijo for technical support.	0
For the other journals, only those articles dealing with pure risk matters are included, while articles dealing with speculative and investment risk are excluded.	0
Table 1 provides an overview of the various kinds of research mastery we have identified.	0
To fill this gap, a country-citation-based directed and weighted network is established in this paper showing how new ideas spread between different countries.	1
490 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2015	0
Blecic is Bibliographer for the Life and Health Sciences and Associate Professor, Joan B.	0
In short, academic impact can take diverse forms and is context dependent.	0
News ranking process and establishing a threshold for “noise,” this research establishes the impacts that planned or incidental changes have on a ranking process where the inputs are always varying.	1
Number of book reviews, the number of book reviews published in a specific category during 2006-2015	0
We ignore practical issues such as the document types (e.g., articles, letters, and reviews) that are taken into account, the length of the time window within which citations are counted, and the way in which self-citations are handled.	0
The same three techniques were deployed by this researcher to clean the data, and to make it suitable for drawing reliable inferences.	0
We propose a collaborative team recognition (CORE) model with a "core + extension" team structure to recognize collaborative teams in large academic networks.	1
The latter is accountable for carrying out the peer-review process and for accepting or rejecting a manuscript (PLOS ONE 2013).	0
Indeed, the existing literature falls short of providing discipline-specific accounts of why authors publish in PPJs, though findings from such studies can shed light on the problem in disciplinary context and help the disciplinary community tackle it knowingly (Mertkan et al., 2021).	1
The most striking finding of our survey is that the vast majority of respondents reported receiving peer review feedback that they found to be substantive in nature.	1
the optimal journal ranking), and thus allows comparative statics with respect to model parameters.	1
Open access for this article was provided by King's College London.	0
The prewar period, in contrast, remains largely unexplored, leaving historians without a clear understanding of how the practice evolved in the crucial period during which the journal was undergoing major transformations by becoming one of the most important physics periodicals in the world.	1
This article draws both on survey and publication data to examine developments in researcher behavior and publication activity for individual researchers since the implementation of the Norwegian Publication Indicator in 2004.	1
The main strength of this study is that it brings out experiences and attitudes on issues relating to research integrity among PhD students at medical faculties in Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, some of which are quite striking.	1
Considering academic psychologists, our results therefore show that achievements of women are not devalued when granting tenure.	1
This a comparably small amount of research items directly addressing the goals.	1
A literature search failed to find similar studies in the context of physics conferences.	1
806 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2008 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
(2012) to measure the normalised citation counts of journal articles; that is, to use the 'issue' information included in each journal's metadata.	1
This study represents the first of its kind within the social sciences to utilize the latter two metrics, which discern one's lifetime scholarship impact, controlling for both seniority and age.	1
The results and discussion are illustrated in the fourth part before our conclusions.	0
Therefore, studying the collaborations among the SAARC nations with an effort to bridge the above-mentioned gaps can be vital in retrieving various useful inputs for planning and policymaking that may aim at strengthening the research performance of member nations as well as the region as a whole.	1
The findings of this article's research may provide new insight for developing such a multidimensional transformative research indicator and understanding the mechanism that leads to transformative results.	1
Such analyses are not infrequently provided by the editors of the journals themselves (e.g.	0
For reasons of space, we shall concentrate in what follows on methods for evaluating the scientific contributions from basic research.	0
This analysis indeed unfolds a new perception on the citation dynamics among research areas—if a field cites more to its related and citation-intensive field, in return it can expect high citations back from that field.	1
The origin country for each paper were obtained from the affiliated addresses by all authors of it.	0
However, it is also informed by the data, since one of our most striking findings is the consistent divergences between our participants from computer science backgrounds on the one hand, and other STEMM disciplines on the other.	1
The power law model has been given to mathematically describe the structure of the collaboration network for the past 50 years, and this network is a small world.	1
We gratefully acknowledge the financial support of the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant Number 71673242).	0
The final section presents some caveats and final qualifications to this research.	0
Distribution of publications with inter-institutional and intra-institutional collaboration in 22 subject fields	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Lacasse, School of Social Work, College of Public Programs, Arizona State University, 411 N.	0
It also highlights several new professional factors that influence the propensity to move.	1
Based on the uncovered relationships between the growth rate of journal’s wealth and the selection of high-quality manuscripts, we propose a number of basic guidelines for improving the journal publishing performance (e.g., match probabilities of high quality when placing the allocations of journal resources among the submitted manuscripts and focus on management practices that promote selection processes with less uncertainty of the outcome).	1
One of the most remarkable results was the finding that if we focus on economic models and peer-review models, open access journals do not differ considerably from other journals.	1
The article brings a new approach to the detailed examination of the link between inputs and outputs.	1
A practical analysis on a dataset from a Brazilian graduate program in computer and electrical engineering, demonstrating the usefulness of considering symmetry in scientific collaboration networks in evaluating the scientific production of research groups.	1
For the sake of clarity, we limit the graph plot to the 10 top-ranked researchers only.	0
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
Ciriaco Andrea D'Angelo: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Performed the analysis and wrote the paper.	0
number of relatively poorly cited journals (in Scopus) upon the outcomes of performance analyses at the level of countries.	0
The present study helps address this issue by identifying at least some of the profession’s leading scientists.	1
2 RetractionWatch is a blog launched in 2010 by two science journalists and is dedicated to the tracking of retracted papers.	0
We would like to thank Wolfgang Gl?nzel of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences for generously providing experimental data on the authors per article distributions used for his 2002 article.	0
Finally, we clarify the functional mechanism between the different types of S&T human scale and international academic recognition, which has great practical value for optimizing the science and education resources allocation and giving full play to the contribution of different types of human resources in S&T innovation activities (Auranen & Nieminen, 2010).	1
Yet, our analysis shows that having diverse expert teams does not fully address the issue of low linguistic diversity.	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Here, we describe an approach to collaborative authorship that we have developed for large authorship papers to meet the goals of both the lead author and those wanting to contribute as co-authors.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2016	0
We continue to use the notation as introduced in the previous section.	0
Another main point of departure from other rankings is that our focus is solely on the faculty that are currently employed by the school we do not count the "past glory" of publications from retired faculty or faculty that have moved to a different institution.	1
The remaining sections are structured as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of the related work, Section 3 introduces the data and methodology employed in this study, Section 4 presents the results and analysis, and finally, Section 5 offers the conclusions and suggestions for future research.	0
A list of the journals and abbreviations is provided in Table 9 of Appendix.	0
1 A comprehensive framework for designing intellectual structure based on co-word analysis	0
Compared with RA titles, DD titles have received limited attention, and cross-generic comparative studies of RA and DD titles have rarely been performed.	1
Our findings indicate that self-citation is unlikely to influence country standing amongst the top 50 and does not support the argument for eliminating self-citations from citation-based metrics.	1
Our study hence fills a gap in innovation policy studies.	1
The data used for this study were drawn from multiple sources.	0
This study provided a novel viewpoint on how scientific knowledge evolved over time and deceptively investigated factors influencing the innovation potential and pace of scientific knowledge.	1
This paper can make the following three marginal contributions.	1
*A full listing of the 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 Committees appears in the appendix.	0
A reason for this could be the fact that initial version submitted to these journals may not be very rigorously prepared by the contributors.	0
FIGURE 1: Sketch of the average review time of a type of journal (T).	0
1 Department of Library and Information Science, University of Delhi, Delhi 110007, India	0
From the School of Medicine, University of Caxias do Sul, Caxias do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul; and University of S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil	0
We consider this article to be a contribution to a more evolutionary economics of science.	1
Usually, these networks are build using different data sources.	1
Citations in context narrow the bridge between citation and semantics, and open towards a better understanding of science in action.	1
Furthermore, this study allows researchers, policy makers, educators and institutional leaders to be more innovative by recognizing the research trends in higher education internationalization.	1
Publications from East Germany in the field of telecommunica- tions research for the periods 1973-87 (partly interpolated).	0
Our findings suggest that repeated retraction is not a random event.	1
Here, higher entropy values relate to a higher number and more intense problem areas within a particular cluster.	0
Table 1 Estimated distribution of hits in Google Scholar, based on researchers with a maximum of 10 hits	0
The present study explores its novel contribution to the comprehensive examination of the transmission of intellectual human resources and academic ideas across real and virtual worlds.	1
The author would like to thank the anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments and extend special thanks to Dr.	0
PLOS ONE | www.plosone.org 1 June 2014 | Volume 9 | Issue 6 | e99502	0
Finally the authors acknowledge the helpful comments of the anonymous reviewer.	0
Our concern is, however, the lack of clearly signposted entry points through which to empirically explore research quality notions from within the humanities.	1
The study suggested a forecasting mechanism for research outputs in the LIS field.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
This is the first study that rigorously tests how career citation counts may help explain the gender wage gap in Canada.	1
The IREG list, however, misses 36 of the highly prestigious international awards identified in this study, includes 20 awards that none of the sources or methods used in this study has classified as highly prestigious, and includes 15 awards given from 2005 to 2019 exclusively to individuals affiliated with institutions located in a single country—a fact that in our opinion disqualifies these awards as international.	1
Further, the study will provide a bird's eye view of the LIS field from the perspective of gender bias.	1
Note: For Liberal Arts, 28.73% of the articles published were book reviews.	0
He also reviewed and made suggestions in regard to the manuscript.	0
Overall, the current research provides a new approach for using LLMs to conduct originality evaluation, a new dataset for examining LLMs' evaluation ability, and new conclusions for understanding LLMs' evaluation mechanism.	1
First, we present a descriptive analysis in which we explore the relations between the different components of our model.	0
Dr Grant Lewison reports personal fees from Institute of Medical Information, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Beijing, China, during the conduct of the study; grants from Economic and Social Research Council, UK, outside the submitted work.	0
We did not correct for number of years at the current rank.	0
Secondly, our study extends the literature on knowledge spillovers.	1
We propose the use of beamplots—which can be produced by using the R package Bib-Plots and WoS downloads—as a preferred alternative to h index values for assessing single researchers</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>.	1
The study reveals the complexities of research productivity of scholars in higher education and research institutions in South Africa and offers insights into the influence of race.	1
Table 2 The share of international papers by country in 2000-2017	0
power in 1959, whereas the earlier influences were Western rather than Eastern.	0
The suggested pragmatic turn may have a positive effect on the relevance and accuracy of the linguistic evidence that the expert linguist can provide to the courts of justice.	1
We also contribute a large dataset of identifiers of tweets that mention the papers used in this study and human annotations of whether the tweets express criticism with respect to the findings of the papers (Labeling Critical Tweets).	1
Finally, the research and academic community should revise criteria for research assessment so that they recognize and honour high-quality authentic OA journals vs.	1
The latter takes into account both the statistical goodness of fit and the number of parameters that have to be estimated to achieve this particular degree of fit, by imposing a penalty for increasing the number of parameters.	0
An RAE score of 4 implies research activity in the Department of national and international excellence.	0
6 Characteristics of single-institution publications and inter-institutionally collaborative publications by year	0
We also show the top-ranked scientists by four basic centrality measures as calculated on the original networks and their skeletons and conclude that convex skeletons may help detect influential scholars that are hardly identifiable in the original collaboration network.	1
Exploring the effect of current h-index on the prediction results.	1
This study provides an insight into retractions of schizophrenia-related research.	1
Szilard: "I am going to write down all that is going on these days in the project.	0
Note: Given the disparity in sample sizes between the treatment and control groups, a 1:2 nearest neighbor matching method was applied solely to the national funding group, while the remaining three groups employed a 1:1 nearest-neighbor matching with a caliper of 0.05.	0
Our study provides complementary network and visualization techniques that enable the user to envisage the effects of this globalization and additionally to zoom in to specific regions and/or networks of specific nations (Wagner et al., in preparation).	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Writing vehemently against a hierarchy of knowledge and the erroneous belief that community members can only understand blogs and magazine articles, we argue that as scholars, we have a responsibility to expand access to academic publications and recognize that many community practitioners read journals and seek to engage in dialogue within academic spaces.	1
The subsequent sections of this article have been arranged as follows:	0
The main aim of this study is to determine the sub-fields of the LIS field, reveal the potentials of these fields and make predictions of each sub-field.	1
This helps to reveal the underlying normative and political interests that drove our course of action, beyond the legitimizing position of being purely technical experts.	1
However, significant differences were observed in the percentages of academics and professionals according to country.	0
These IR-based features are extracted to provide a dataset that may be used by research scholars to determine characteristics of authors.	1
Markman for their helpful comments and suggestions on previous drafts of this article.	0
A unifying theory is then outlined for science of science - the new-methods-drive-science theory.	1
The consequences for the interpretation of the results will be discussed later in the paper.	0
First, we analyzed the distribution of team size and lifespan over time for the NECTEC researchers network.	0
As an answer to this deficiency detected, Pagani et al.	1
Meanwhile, high-impact authors tend to work with "giants" early in their career, but not in the later stages, which forces us to reconsider the established notions of when is best to collaborate with elite scholars.	1
Following this idea, it yields a knowledge production network for which we develop a undirected collaboration model that explains the formation of ties/edges between countries.	1
The methodology that we propose also informs how to improve the citation process, for example by having scientists attach additional metadata to their citations.	1
For any number of purposes—ranging from the tenure and promotion decisions of individuals to the evaluation of entire institutions—counts of publications and citations to published works are recorded and reported.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to compare traditional metrics with alternative metrics, including Twitter, Altmetrics, and dimensions.	1
This manuscript is important to Research Evaluation as a demonstration of ways in which existing data can be modeled to evaluate new policy, in the absence of a control group, forming a quasi-experimental design to infer causality when evaluating federal policy.	1
In other words, no study to date offers a comprehensive analysis of the factors that impact IRC.	1
The applied methodology is a thorough data approach based on the international scientometric platform 'New Quality and Quantity Indices in Science' (NewQIS).	1
It will summarize the results of current scientific publications and help make them more visible.	1
To accomplish our objective, we propose a hybrid DCA that is based upon both the content of the documents and their co-citation association.	1
The following theorem strengthens and extends the main result of Chambers and Miller (2014), which essentially states the equivalence between statements (i) and (iii).	1
In fact, a large number of articles have been published in other languages like Chinese, Japanese, Thai and Malay, or in local journals.	0
Yann Lebeau, School of Education and Lifelong Learning, University of East Anglia, Norwich NR4 7TJ, UK.	0
To the best of our knowledge, there is no such integrated heterogeneous graph-based approach between bibliometrics data with social data such as blogs, mainstream news to measure and predict the academic impacts.	1
Centre for Fluid and Complex Systems, Coventry University, Coventry CV1 5FB, UK	0
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
First, to the best of our knowledge, we are the pioneers in establishing a nuanced relationship between idea success and connectivity within the specialized domain of econometrics.	1
The proposed model is different from the standard scheme for expert assessment of the scientific and technical documents in the following ways:	1
Upon devising a simple framework to handle the contributions of authors as a bipartite network, we propose a measurement to quantify the effective number of authors in a paper.	1
However, the cases uncover the potential problems of funding data in Scopus.	1
We find, however, strong and statistically significant publisher effects that are persistent under a variety of specifications of variables.	1
In this study, we claim that these competitive national grant systems are most fatal to the early-career researchers as they are most vulnerable to any kind of policy changes and fluctuations in annual R&D money.	1
Conclusively, this would be the first research to explore the complex interrelationships between semiconductors, AI, geopolitical risk, and renewable energy transformation.	1
There are many forms of social impact, but as this study shows, Goodreads could make a strong contribution to a complementary approach to metric evaluations, particularly with the use of citations and reader ratings together.	1
11 A similar argument applies to other fields of applied and interdisciplinary research fields such as health economics.	0
Therefore, an algorithm (SAP) is proposed, in order to improve results in the leaves.	1
citations in a way that can impede the growth of knowledge.	0
This is the first study in the Arab world to investigate and assess breast cancer research activity.	1
You may freely distribute the URL identifying the publication in the public portal -	0
Findings also demonstrate that journals may be more likely to publish more articles from a particular region, and possible explanations for this have been discussed.	1
This work attempts to describe international research collaboration in educational technology for the past 50 years.	1
Where 'mydata' is the meta-analysis data table (provided as Excel spreadsheets in the Supplementary Material), 'yi' and 'vi' are the effect sizes and variances for each study within in the meta-analysis table.	0
In narrowing 14 smaller categories into 5 bigger ones, multiple counts of links from some Assembly members can occur.	0
Our study extends the work of Goyal et al.	1
We therefore created and assessed a potential new index, called the zp-index, which avoids the use of citation counts, while also taking the quality of publications into account.	1
This circumstance means there is a need to consider impact in order to measure the importance of an author or institution, as it is clear that not all the papers published have the same impact or influence in the academic community.	0
These are not rigorous interpretations of the data, but rather analogies drawn from the physical sciences (Williams & Watts, 1970; Phillips, 1996).	0
The methodological advancements in this study should be highlighted, especially its integrated analysis of gold OA publishing volume and citation impact within a two-dimensional framework to evaluate field-specific academic influence of gold OA articles.	1
This is a novel feature of this methodology: unlike standard bibliometric analysis, where papers are used as units, communities can be used to track the continued efforts of a group of collaborating researchers, exploring longer-term endeavours and repeated attempts at a benchmark.	1
The publication of papers on editorial research seems to be dispersed.	1
A second and very important difference [24] is between indexes measuring popularity and those measuring prestige.	1
Consequently, our project contributed significantly to global endeavours promoting the evolution of ORCID.	1
The innovative aspect of our article is the chosen mix of methods and the explicit comparison of the results of a publication analysis with those of a citation analysis.	1
This study provides a systematic and objective view of the FODM journal, which can be helpful for scholars to understand the development and the research structure of this journal.	1
The table reports the number of WoS subject categories (N) grouped under each OECD major and minor field of science.	0
1 School of Information Management and Engineering, Zhejiang University of Finance and Economics, Hangzhou 310018, Zhejiang, China	0
The leadership indicator provides further insights to the collaborative environment of universities in different geographical regions, as well as the optimized collaboration portfolio for enhancing research impact.	1
The Latin American scientific production on Communication shows a particular attention towards Health	0
A main contribution of this study is that we more specifically identify the factor that explains how interaction with the supervisor is important for the gender gap in productivity.	1
Resist the one-size-fits-all mindset (i.e., the limitations of a single metric).	1
Section 3 then delves into the pros and cons of the main existing qualitative tools, before outlining in Section 4 the methodology followed in our study and showing its main results in Section 5.	0
1 Changes over time in a the distribution of publications by number of authors per publication; b the distribution of publications by number of institutions per publication; c number of authors by number of institutions	0
The primary contribution of this research is a conceptual model that articulates and reticulates the identified forms of bibliometric engagement by institutions and researchers, with implications presented for tourism and cognate disciplines.	1
We were also able to show that fake papers not only contaminate the scientific record while they are unidentified but also continue to do so even after retraction.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Our setup is unique because it allows us to simultaneously study both the evolution of creative output by authors and the behavior of reviewers.	1
Journal of Applied Econometrics published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	0
These alternative classifications are equivalent substantially for submissions in economics and econometrics.	0
An apparent influence of foreign drivers on citation impact, holds risk for South African science.	1
Vakkari (2008) investigated the influences that electronic resources have on productivity of researchers.	0
However, we hope to test the q-index on real authors in the next phase of our project.	0
Jeni Hart is an Associate Professor at the University of Missouri-Columbia and Amy Scott Metcalfe is an Assistant Professor at the University of British Columbia.	0
Perhaps most importantly, these findings contradict the notion that peer review can determine which applications are most likely to be productive.	1
As such, the combined dataset in this study represents a state-of-the-art method to unfold scientists' career paths.	1
We apply our analysis for the world’s most prestigious universities in order to show that this problem is not endemic to Turkey.	1
The calculation of impact factors was not a validated method.	1
As we will try to argue in this paper, the discussion of methodological nationalism is also highly relevant when it comes to measuring the research performance of individual countries.	1
We present the primal form of the DEA model, as shown in Cooper, Seiford, and Zhu (2004, 10) below:	0
The article concentrates on specific excellence policies and their effects, deriving systematic lessons from a cross-national comparison of policy instruments.	1
We take advantage of Scopus bibliometric data to employ a cross-regional, cross-subject approach to men's and women's co-authorship trends in an especially broad and comprehensive manner.	1
Shifting focus from the counts to the genres highlights the many different types of documents through which information reaches professionals outside academia.	1
VáSQUEZ-SALGADO et al.: BME RESEARCH IN CHILEAN UNIVERSITIES - A BIBLIOMETRIC ANALYSIS	0
2017; Belal and Momin 2009; H?bek 2014; Sharif and Rashid 2014), but also disclosed theoretical and methodological issues not fully tapped.	1
The present study fills an important gap in the literature of team science by providing novel insights into the individual-level career outcomes of PhD holders in STEM as a function of their engagement on teams.	1
The present study not only identifies individual and contextual characteristics that need to be considered in medical training but gives a glance of some alternative solutions.	1
As previously mentioned, review articles integrate ideas, findings, and state-of-the-art development in a research area, and may offer insights into research trends in the field, which as a result attract attention from colleagues and elicit citation in their future publications.	0
Second, we inform the IDR literature by revealing a strong reputation effect and a moderate effect of disciplinary knowledge diversity on scientists' number of publications in IDR journals.	1
This paper discusses how to translate the well-confirmed phenomenon of increasing citation of older scientific literature into an argument for the persistent citation impact of older scientific journal articles.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This study is the first DH co-authorship network study that explores the apparent connection between language and collaboration patterns in DH.	1
However, previous studies have not comprehensively investigated the relationships among different metrics for this purpose.	1
The analysis presented in this paper will contribute to a better understanding of how transformations in the organization of journal publishing and, in particular, increased competition for publishing space affect the various epistemic control functions peer review is meant to fulfill.	1
First, by combining two complementary streams of literature-economics of migration on one hand (Borjas, 1987; Ehrenberg and Smith, 2011) and queuing theories of labor markets on the other (Reskin, 1991)-we develop a multi-level model to explain the ability of HEIs to attract foreign researchers, which includes country-level and HEI-specific factors.	1
The techniques described in this study to document and analyze the tangible evidence of serial use, namely citations in works produced by an institution's scholars, may be applied in other contexts to gain further insight into serial collection use.	1
We thank Neil Metcalfe and an anonymous referee for very helpful comments, and the TMR programme of the European Commission for funding.	0
The solution is the use of reference sets.	1
Hormio's work was supported by the Finnish Cultural Foundation under Grant number [00190342] and Reijula's work by the Research Council of Finland under Grant number [332686].	0
Ronald Rousseau for precious advice and encouragement in the development of these ideas.	0
Hence, the first SRC projects' SIPs and the implemented activities and working logics discussed in the interviews provide a window into exploring how active societal interaction reflects the call for dynamic, sustainable practices and new capabilities to better link research to societal development.	1
One important contribution of the Stapel case is to shed light on the fact that episodes of fraud are not only investigations about the merits of accusations, but also moments when the very content of scientific rules is disputed and their scope extended.	1
Herein, a variation of the h-index is implemented which is readily calculated, easy to understand, and considers author position in the list as a measure of contribution to each study.	1
The online version of this article includes the following figure supplement(s) for figure 7:	0
* Bill Blanpied, Len Lederman, and Rachael Hollander of the National Science Foundation staff provided valuable comments on an earlier version of this paper.	0
To respond to these lacunae, the present study employed a detailed, self-administered electronic survey to explore North American LIS faculty awareness of, attitudes toward, assessment of, and experience with open-access scholarly publishing.	1
For completeness, we also note here that the direct citation approach does have a variant (not shown in Figure 1) that we have never seen published.	0
Biobibliometrics is a term that was first coined by Sen and Gan (1990) to mean the quantitative and analytical method for discovering and establishing functional relationships between biodata and biblio-data elements.	1
Received: 11 April 2023 / Accepted: 20 August 2023 / Published online: 25 September 2023	0
The correlations between a Nature descriptor and financial data describing the involvement of the individual countries and universities undoubtedly indicate that the country level provides much better models than the university one.	1
This study does not involve human participants and informed consent was therefore not required.	0
This study provides an important step in explaining the connection.	1
This article was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
Second, it integrates the logical relationships and connotations among concepts into a co-word matrix and calculates the semantic distances among concepts based on domain ontology to create the semantic matrix.	1
2011) but it was the first study, to the author's knowledge, to assess authorship order relative to external measures of scholarly eminence with group- and individual-level data.	1
It is unknown how often predatory publications are cited in systematic reviews and other research syntheses.	1
Finally, we have developed an innovative methodology [16,17] which combines semantic analysis with network analysis to identify hidden colleges and/or stages of the innovation process.	1
We provide results by comparing articles at three different levels; researcher level, field level and at domain level.	1
Although the information regarding APC elasticity of manuscript submission is essential to analyze publishers' APC setting strategies, to the best of my knowledge, this is the first study to measure the APC elasticity of manuscript submissions.	1
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview and analysis of the scientific and technical literature on radar altimetry using bibliometric indicators.	1
Our distinction between broad and deep productivity has implications for managers that extend beyond its potential to help inform the staffing, training, and development practices in organizations.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The current study compares three different approaches to delineate the emerging field of NST, shedding new light on the key problems that underlie emerging field delineation.	1
The assignment of journals into categories is based on a review of the journals content, as well as on the analysis of emergent patterns in cited/citing journals (personal communication).	0
Rather than easier access to more scholarship, increased resource devoted to pre-publication review, revision and editing is the most important development to ensure the greatest advances in research and scholarship.	1
The size of the label reflects the importance of the concept, which was measured by the number of abstracts in which the concept occurs.	0
The goal of the study presented here is to assess the predictive power of a model based on bibliometric indicators.	1
However, there is dearth of research with a focus on bibliometric unearthing of the research trend, its causes and resolves in technical universities in Kenya.	1
To the best of our knowledge, the effects of scientific collaboration on the multifaceted characteristics of interdisciplinarity have not been thoroughly studied thus far.	1
Consequently, we strongly suggest readers to be cognizant of these issues when interpreting the following results based on established and repeatedly validated scientometric techniques.	0
2 ‘‘ ‘normal science’ means research firmly based upon one or more past scientific achievements that some particular scientific community acknowledges for a time as supplying the foundation for its further practice” (Kuhn 1962, p.	0
This section is divided into two: units and unit aggregations (types and universities).	0
Inspired by these findings, based on the Q model, we propose a time-varying returns model which assumes that a firm will enhance or diminish the potential impact of a patent based on its inherent ability combined with its age, quantified by its number of previously issued patents.	1
Authors are also thankful to two anonymous referees for their valuable comments, which have been extremely useful in the improvement of the paper.	0
This paper illustrates that academics who are engaged with traditional materials for their scholarly work are also embracing various forms of social media to a higher degree than their colleagues.	1
Table 1 lists some typical, yet highly interesting instances of such a situation, cf.	0
This paper makes an evaluation and comparison of influence on international Open Access (OA) between China and USA.	1
In this paper, the LDA model is introduced to extract and generate topic characteristics of articles.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Adriano Sanches Melo on 19 May 2015.	0
The distributions of the number of articles and cited references by year are shown in Table 1.	0
Till now there is no study yet on how English language is being used among mainland Chinese doctors.	1
We would like to thank Vladimir Batagelj, Giovanni Colavizza, Vincent Traag, and three referees for valuable comments on earlier versions of this paper.	0
We add to the portfolio mapping, the option of a “difference map” so that one can visually compare two portfolios in a single map, indicated with two different colors.	1
In what follows, we develop a theoretical framework to introduce bias and set out to explain how biases affect the pre-study probability that a journal is truly predatory, the likelihood of a true and false positive, as well as the false discovery rate (FDR).	1
The author is indebted to Martin Blume, Mark Doyle, Claire O'Neill, and Gerald Young for providing generous amounts of usage and citation data for the APS journals.	0
The steps of the clustering process are as follows (Anandarajan, Hill, and Nolan 2019; Gaitani et al.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)	0
The name of the faculty of 1000 (F1000) service postmerging is F1000Prime.	0
Correspondence should be sent to Duane Knudson, Department of Health and Human Performance, 601 University Drive, Texas State University, San Marcos, TX 78666.	0
Using the Scopus database (in contrast to Web of Science) permitted us to take all publications of the current staff of the studied university into account.	1
First of all, the study differs from the literature in studying emerging topics by taking a topic perspective.	1
It should be noted that this share is not necessarily constant over time.	0
This work was partially supported by NSF Science Indicators Unit Contract SRS77-22770 while the author was at Computer Horizons Inc., Cherry Hill, New Jersey.	0
To improve the academic output of the specialty, it is important to identify the factors associated with greater productivity.	1
1 The NJS are calculated in the WoS database maintain by CWTS, Leiden University.	0
In the process, it has systematically demonstrated some trends previously accepted as obvious or intuitive, but largely based on anecdote rather than evidence.	1
The authors wish to thank Laura Marin, Elisabeth de Turckheim, and Valerio Vercesi, as well as the participating Funding Agencies.	0
Final approval of the completed manuscript: Pengfei Zhang and Roger Cheng.	0
The following research questions address gaps in prior research by giving finer grained information than before in terms of more fields (22) and more Sections (6) (RQ1,4) and by addressing different issues (RQ2,3).	1
Address correspondence to Bogdan Ciomaga, Department of Sport Management, Brock University, 500 Glenridge, 333 South Block, St.	0
Trends in the output of journal articles by type of journal	0
Based on a comprehensive study of research collaboration and mobility of researchers this paper discusses possible traces of methodological nationalism in comparative studies of research performance.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The distance function applied to name matching is a novel customized implementation of the FuzzyWuzzy algorithm, i.e., a function implemented in a Python library which performs a fuzzy string matching based on the Levenshtein's distance.	1
Table 1 Top 20 journals in the Web of Science category of chemical engineering during 1992–2011	0
Panel A has a JSD of .103; panel B, .401; and panel C, .693.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:122143 []	0
a Chi-square values with a = 0.01 are 23.2 when the degree of freedom is ten and 15.1 when the degree of freedom is five.	0
This study provides a foundation to discuss and reflect on the current findings.	1
TABLE 1 Academic authors based in countries categorized as the periphery.	0
This study evaluated residents from six academic residency programs and found that both the number and quality of research publications were not dependent on a particular resident research curriculum.	1
TWC contributed to the study's design and provided critical reviews of the manuscript, and TWC contributed to the interpretation of the results.	0
Additional controls of field and program size are not reported but are available upon request.	0
Solid color indicates people who remained active, whereas shaded color denotes the fraction that disappeared from the NIH system.	0
This research initiates the evidence-base illuminating the difference between major publishing models and, moreover, unique characteristics of potential predatory (or illegitimate) journals (Table 10).	1
2 Core author groups of integrated disaster risk research in a changing climate	0
To enhance JKAN's status as an international journal, it is necessary to consider publishing it in English and to continuously improve the conditions of other publications.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2002 597	0
A new “data-rich” research environment in international comparative academic profession studies created by two large-scale research projects (global CAP and European EUROAC projects on the academic profession, that is, “Changing Academic Profession” and “Academic Profession in Europe: Responses to Societal Challenges," respectively) allows to analyze the internationalization of research of European academics in a comparative quantitative context and to analyze its correlation with research productivity.	1
First, our sample comprises the full sample of research active professors in economics in the German-speaking area and our quality weighted measure of research productivity is based on 1291 journals.	1
Funding: The authors received no financial support for the research, authorship, and publication of this article.	0
Request for a participant's CV was made during an interview if the participant admitted his/her webpage information was not up-to-date.	0
The present letter proposed a bibliometric measure that enables all academicians to evaluate conference quality before attending.	1
This article offers a reflexive engagement with processes of metrification and considers the consequences of such moves for the work of teacher education in the academy.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
On the basis of the perspective of tripartite citation fusion, this paper introduces a new citation network construction method that considers the contribution of all authors.	1
Received August 1, 2011; revised March 2, 2012; accepted March 5, 2012	0
Taken together, we contribute a modeling framework for the analysis of atypical citation patterns in articles.	1
To that end, our analysis of the prevalence, characteristics, and trends in retracted literature in spine research since 2000 provides needed information regarding the full body of spine research.	1
Finally, Section 5 concludes with a discussion of tentative explanations, implications, and limitations.	0
The current article investigates gender biases in citations by generating a new type of large science-wide evidence: a comparison of gendered citation advantages with gendered participation rates at the narrow field level.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This article explores the reasons why scholars cite the NYT so much.	1
To our knowledge this is the largest bibliometric analysis of foot and ankle publications to date.	1
The above analysis of 116 scientific conferences suggests that Twitter is used in a quantitatively and qualitatively different manner at conferences devoted to the physics of elementary particles and fields, and to geophysics, astronomy, and astrophysics, than at conferences in other fields of physics.	1
No bibliometric studies have been done so far with regard to social tagging.	1
This work was supported by the Consellería de Educación, Investigación, Cultura y Deporte, Generalitat Valenciana (BEST 2016/153).	0
Table 1 Publications resulting from FP projects and their share of the total Czech publications	0
Authors and Countries here relate to corresponding authors; institutions are for all authors.	0
Moreover, the SQI has one unique feature, the bidirectional variability, which makes it distinctive from other bibliometric indices with only one-way, upward changes in their scores.	1
From this analysis, we distill a recipe for crafting impactful reference lists, at least in ecology.	1
And Polak's two-volume The Image of the Future is a prolonged case for the impact of ideology-in its broadest sense-upon forecasting [20].	0
To answer those questions, we develop a Bayesian network-that is, a probabilistic graphical model-to predict the specific contributions scientists made to each of their publications throughout their career.	1
Considering this question and its implications, the current work thus extends the application of funnel plots to measure uncertainty in all fields and disciplines of the sciences.	1
We additionally provide a micro-founded model for the existence and endogenous determination of the technology frontier in the appendix.	1
In order for a patent to protect an invention, some basic requirements of patentability must be met.	0
Interestingly, the articles written and locally cited correlations in the six subject discipline subsets examined in this study match very closely with the associated program rankings in the U.S.	1
There is, however, a caveat: 20th-century published science was written for a human audience.	0
Keywords Economic journals · Academic journals · Reputation · Relevance · Rigor · Economists Fractional response models	0
Discrepancies when identifying the included preprint servers were resolved through discussion and the help of a third researcher when needed.	0
The main concepts of the study are explained in Figure 1.	0
More importantly, the multi-database unified record approach is applied for the first time, with a suitable methodology for studying the Cuban scientific output in foreign journals.	1
The purpose of this paper was to use bibliometric methods to analyze top papers in the subject category of meteorology and atmospheric sciences during 11-year-long period from 2011 to 2021 through publication year, category, author, affiliations, country, journals, all keywords, and other key features.	1
The second interesting finding in this study is that, also as predicted, research cooperation has become more and more extensive in this field (Gl?nzel et al.	1
[CITATION] Vernacular traditions: The use of music in the novels of Toni Morrison; C Spies - 2004 - PhD dissertation	0
Unsurprisingly, using the range of ranks as the dependent variable gives very similar regression results.	0
The evaluation of risks dominates reviewers' evaluation of research proposals and is a source of inter-reviewer variability.	1
On the whole, this study sheds light on, in a more detailed manner than previous studies, different performance of altmetrics in different disciplines within social sciences.	1
This article extends the research of a scientometric nature that has been mapping and explaining the evolutionary trends in research systems and science and technology in countries of East and Southeast Asia (e.g., Barrot 2017; Erfanmanesh et al.	1
For the full listing of studies, see Appendix E2 (available online at 10.1016/j.	0
In the present article, we discuss the extent to which faculty applicants capitalize on the predatory journal industry to inflate their curriculum vitae (CV).	1
Digital distribution is making it possible to understand the processes, audiences, and relationships involved in scholarly communication in new ways.	1
We have contributed to this conversation by examining, nearly a decade after these initial publications, the state of gender in science in this region.	1
Essentially, productivity in publication counts has increased but productivity in fractional counts has fallen, as has average publication points.	1
The scenario sketched here is not a case of an equal contribution being undervalued due to the contributor's low status; rather, the speaker is asking whether the contribution is in fact equal.	0
For the first time, a fuzzy definition of the semantic domain of a keyword has been proposed by converting its related co-occurrence network into a fuzzy set.	1
Rather than replicating competitive calls for all situations, funders can foster distinct research efforts including project teams, established labs, research chairs, consortia or networks to make meaningful progress on different problems of societal and scientific interest.	1
The lead author would like to thank the co-authors for help in methodology (both theoretically and practically), for help in writing of this paper and for the use of Webometric Analyst with added bespoke routines to help analyse all data used.	0
We address this problem here by defining an easily calculated index based on publicly available citation data (Google Scholar) that corrects for most biases and allows assessors to compare researchers at any stage of their career and from any discipline on the same scale.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Conclusión: El análisis multidimensional con la red neuronal propuesta permite obtener un perfil cienciométrico institucional absoluto y relativo más fidedigno e integral que el derivado de conteos de variables aisladas.	1
4 Proportion trend of disciples in various disciplines from 1980 to 2020	0
White circles represent the communities judged unrelated by experts, while black triangles represent the communities related to the research topics.	0
This allows us to observe whether a specific publication has different influences on NS and SSH.	1
This study also reveals different publication patterns among Chinese scholars: those from Tier-1 universities prefer publishing in international journals indexed by WoS, while those from Tier-2 universities publish more articles in national journals.	1
We now provide a formal definition of a direct similarity measure.	0
Our methodology offers 2 search interfaces to find documents on the same datasets: one for Boolean search and one for NLP context-based search.	1
Via the 12 linguistic features of more than 150,000 full-text articles, we have found that the authors with the English ethnic background usually produce longer sentences comprising more clauses, employ longer nouns and shorter verbs, and utilize more verbs and fewer nouns.	1
By contrast, the current study follows the "outside-in" approach and identifies the global impact of China in scientific research, especially with respect to the internationalization of Chinese academic journals, by investigating the G8's publication performance in Chinese journals.	1
Section four gives the discussion based on the analyses' findings, the study's limitations, its applications, and potential future research paths, and finally, the fifth section provides the conclusion.	0
Our objective is to characterize the family of all measure-based rankings defined on Smxn.	1
The CRExplorer is not only a helpful tool to analyze a dataset under study, but it also offers a context for cleaning the data.	1
The study also presents implications for policy makers in making informed decisions and policies that go towards improving productivity level of academic scientists.	1
However, confusion and controversy have hindered the proper statistical analysis of these data.	0
Section 3 presents the results obtained in the Web of Science Core Collection.	0
Consequently, to the best of the authors' knowledge, there are no lists of the highly linked scientific publications.	1
Federal R&D funds may be steadying after years of decline, but chemical industry spending still shows no real signs of an upturn	0
The more frequently indicators are used, the more important these principles become.	0
*p < .05; **p < .01; ***p < .001 (two-tailed tests).	0
In this article, I present a novel lens by which we can evaluate scholarly journals one that helps capture its dynamic nature (i.e., that journal policies, functions, and published output are not fixed, but diverse, malleable, and ever-changing).	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:393177 []	0
By unraveling the dynamics between exploration, exploitation, and funding success, our study offers valuable insights to nurture early career researchers.	1
A surprisingly absent point of view is that of the very scientists who perform the research and who therefore have first-hand insight into the opportunities and challenges at the forefront of research in their particular discipline and at their current academic career stage.	1
2 Twitter classification of users mentioning any of the three publications or their retraction notices in tweets	0
These findings add an important piece of information to the current literature on innovations in peer review.	1
In this study, we introduced two measurement tools that aim to address these challenges.	1
The reason therefore lies in the heterogeneity of major fields in terms of scientists' communication behaviour.	0
On the other hand, Altmetric indicators' inclusion breaks the traditional approach based only on citations and offers a new variable that reflects an underestimated pattern ten years ago that is gaining more importance every day.	1
Nota: TP: Total de publica??es; TC: Total de cita??es; CPP: Cita??es Por Publica??o; FWCI: Field-Weighted Citation Impact.	0
The bold numbers represent the number of points an institution obtained in each classification.	0
This shares a very strong parallel with what some researchers discovered in social group dynamics [18].	0
Received: 23 March 2019 Revised: 23 February 2020 Accepted: 23 April 2020	0
The current study provided up-to-date information on the research performance of SEA countries and universities in the SEA region during the period from 1996–2015.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wmrs20	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (*):—, 2013	0
The other goal is to explore the domain of research related to COVID-19 and to identify key topics and concepts of interest for psychologists.	1
Contributes to reflect on algorithmic mediation and biases in scholarly communication potentially afforded by recommender algorithms.	1
As indicated above, we propose a framework that combines elements of each of four main search strategies (Fig.	1
The country names have been abbreviated according to the ISO standard.	0
Search engines were queried in the period 8–10 August 2005, using the following Keywords for each of the six global topics	0
1 Clinical and Molecular Epidemiology Unit, Department of Hygiene and Epidemiology, University of loannina School of Medicine, loannina, Greece, 2 Biomedical Research Institute, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, loannina, Greece, 3 Institute for Clinical Research and Health Policy Studies, Tufts University School of Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America	0
Copyright of Information Services & Use is the property of IOS Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
We considered a two-sided P < 0.05 to indicate statistical significance.	0
Keyword analysis suggests the new role of neuroscience in contemporary psychology and indicates that the PS of today is more oriented than in the 1990s towards psychosocial and emotional issues as well as natural situations in our daily lives (ecological validity).	1
From this perspective, the purpose and application of the present study is original and innovative.	1
Editor: Venkatesh Shankar Madhugiri, National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences, INDIA	0
Detailed analyses of publication productivity trends in Kazakhstan and Central Asia have not been performed to date, a significant gap that our research is aiming to close.	1
Moreover, the library has been utilized in the data gathering process for the research presented by To?i? and Vi?i? [8], which introduced a new metric for assessing the maturity of scientific fields.	1
Exponent stability of power law relationship between recognition and size in world science	0
Therefore, it is not surprising that the University of Baghdad gets the highest	0
While these results will aid librarians supporting faculty, students, and practitioners in the field of social work, a secondary aim of the study is to demonstrate a method that can be used by librarians undertaking similar analyses in other fields.	1
This section introduces the algorithm we designed for the day-to-day discovery of preprint-publication links.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
In calculating costs, I assumed that all publication fees would be paid by the first author’s institution.	0
The graphs are qualitative, and measure efficiency scores and publications per professor.	0
This study expands the theoretical framework of technological knowledge diffusion by identifying the Sleeping Beauty phenomenon of technological innovations and provides theoretical and methodology support for identifying advanced and transformative technologies based on patent data.	1
Date of publication xxxx 00, 0000, date of current version xxxx 00, 0000.	0
In the second section of the article, we study some of the literatures.	0
By analysing novelty across various types of institutions and the contributions of fine-grained entity combinations, the study refines novelty measurement from traditional binary or scalar approaches to diverse novelty biases.	1
However, to the best of the author's knowledge, the study of a publisher such as MDPI has not been approached, except for very specific research on one of the MDPI-journals, Sustainability, in relation to self-citations (Copiello 2019) and its APC (Khoo 2019).	1
We offer a framework called 'citational lensing' to identify where citations should appear between countries but are absent given that what is embedded in their published abstract texts is highly similar.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Figure 1 serves as a general reference for more detailed analyses in the continuation of the paper.	0
It supplements the measurement of citation diffusion and contributes to revealing the laws of the durability of citation diffusion.	1
A3ES (Agency for Assessment and Accreditation of Higher Education), Pra?a de Alvalade, 6 - 5.o Frente, 1700-036 Lisboa, Portugal	0
As a result, studying the NIH training programs in the Vietnam War era provides a unique window on the long-term consequences of exogenously shifting a well-defined population from the “production sector” of the economy (i.e., clinical care) to its “ideas sector” (i.e., biomedical research, including bench, clinical, and translational research).	1
Second, we contribute to the development of a more integrated theory of innovation and knowledge exchange communities.	1
This study will also provide evidence that informs a proposed new way of thinking about leadership in university settings.	1
Considering the above drawbacks, this paper provides a comprehensive bibliometric study about ESI-HCPs in OR/MS.	1
Although at the scientific level, CSEC does not seem to improve the evaluation of impact measurement, this new citation index can provide relevant information for evaluation at the micro and meso level.	1
These metrics add to the diversity of possible measures for a publication's impact and thus truly are alternative metrics (altmetrics).	1
The "negative five" came up again in an interview with GH1 and resonated with the sentiment being expressed:	0
The other 13 journals fell naturally into two other categories: Medium-High Quality and Medium Quality.	1
We show a significant reduction in computational effort in the average case for CbPD compared with the two character-based PD approaches.	1
To prevent overloading this article with figures we leave out the top 10% and bottom 10% figures.	0
Social network analysis offers an effective method for showing us such unnoticed points (Mangas-Vega et al., 2016, p.	1
2009) that estimate the impact of a publication based on the impact of other papers that cite the publication to better evaluate the research quality of academic scholars.	1
Nevertheless, to the best of our knowledge, there is no published bibliometric analysis that encompasses the current state of the art, considering the impact of the growing prominence of neurocritical care and the influence of the COVID-19 pandemic on publication trends within aSAH.	1
For this reason, the name of the original file (i.e., nl.txt) name should not contain more than 10 characters.	0
Associate Professor, Department of Prosthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry, University of Sakarya, Sakarya, Turkey.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Our findings, partially, contest the claim that international collaboration is the most impactful collaboration type.	1
Second, we propose the Q seashore walk model to further verify and explain our results.	1
As two authoritative bibliometric databases, Scopus and Web of Science are not free of errors.	0
We introduced a framework to classify four distinct relationships between tweeting and citing, using this as a theoretical underpinning to facilitate the evaluation of tweeting behavior in various specialties.	1
His book, Resistance is Fertile: Canadian Biotechnology Policy and Struggles on the Biocommons, was published in 2013 by University of British Columbia Press.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This work lays the foundation for future exploration of how collaboration and other aspects of a researcher's career may affect future success, and to identity not only how to shape a successful career, but also when to prioritize different tasks and behaviors.	1
While the invasion of physics into SNA has been already shown in other studies (Lazer et al.	1
However, there is little systematized information with regard to the characteristics that the process of formalization and institutionalization of Political Psychology acquires in Latin America.	1
More concretely speaking, we are trying to establish a methodology of evaluating research policies based on the biblio metric approach including an approach using centralities and by an objective clustering method based on the mutual citation relationship.	1
The national CTSA consortium represents an important avenue for the support of multidisciplinary clinical and translational scientists.	1
This formulation allows one to shed a new light on scientific knowledge production by bringing in concepts and methodologies from geography.	1
Acknowledgements This research was supported by the Manchester Centre for Doctoral Training in Computer Science, EP/I028099/1	0
Nevertheless, this is—to date—the first attempt to empirically estimate the paper drain phenomenon in a cross-disciplinary field of study, and it opens future lines of research such as qualitative analysis on the reasons that motivate development researchers to send their papers for publication in non-development journals.	1
First, acknowledging that the data were based on SIOP membership, we provide empirically derived norms for I-O psychologists in academia that can be used to interpret impact, which at the minimum complement or maybe even replace intuitive approaches that are often used to evaluate impact metrics.	1
Funding: The work was supported by statutory funds of the Research Team on Intelligent Decision Support Systems, Department of Artificial Intelligence and Applied Mathematics, Faculty of Computer Science and Information Technology, West Pomeranian University of Technology in Szczecin (W.S.).	0
List of papers with the highest Twitter and Mendeley activity from Fig.	0
Declaration of Interests: The authors certify that they have no commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in connection with the manuscript.	0
Boolean operators (*) used to capture all relevant variations of a term	0
When these are corrected, the model produces an outcome that coheres with the intuition that an output-based incentive would undermine quality.	1
The empirical findings are discussed in “Empirical analysis” and “Concluding comments” sections concludes the paper.	0
Unlike others, this ranking numerically reflects more accurately the so far qualitative view of gaining or losing "star" faculty.	1
In ranking core journals, a new measure combining both 'Impact Score of a journal' (viz.	1
The contemporary state-of-the-art in authors ranking does not determine the best parameter that effectively maps on experts’ qualitative evaluation.	1
We will revisit this paper after the REF results are available and comment on the reliability or otherwise of these bibliometrics as compared with peer review.	0
Theoretically, the fact that a journal is cited frequently indicates that scholars in the field deem it to be influential.	0
The current study differs from Garousi and Fernandes (2016) and Garousi and M?ntyl? (2016) in that this study takes a different and novel goal by assessing the issue of quantity versus impact of SE papers.	1
This result contributes to knowledge in that female Nano-authors keep pace with men in receiving recognition.	1
This study reports on the current state of NIH funding to departments of orthopaedic surgery at U.S. medical schools.	1
This paper presents a thought experiment regarding the weight assigned to different publication types in the publication indicator of the Flemish PRFS: what would happen if this weight were replaced by the median number of pages of a publication type?	1
Notes: (i) The horizontal line shown the average number of co-authored papers in the period	0
Construal-level theory is used to explain that the probability of new discoveries may be underestimated because of psychological distance.	1
To overcome this limitation the participation ratio is proposed where the focus is shifted from the characteristics of active researchers to the balance between inactive and active researchers.	1
In Sections 2 and 3 we will first outline the key elements in the competitive environment surrounding Australian universities and build an argument for/against increasing concentration in the sector.	0
The results of this article thus show differences, but more important, they reveal an apparently underdeveloped policy area of academic institutions.	1
Building on our earlier work (Waltman et al., 2012), this argument is based on the observation that the problem of choosing an appropriate counting method is closely connected to the problem of field normalization of citation-based indicators.	1
In cases where the title was too short or ambiguous to refer to the item in question, we used additional information as keywords (e.g., the first author's last name) to ensure that we retrieved only relevant citations.	0
Disclaimer: The views expressed in this analysis are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of the National Institutes of Health or the Unites States Department of Health and Human Services.	0
We thank Ronald Rousseau for suggesting the application of Gini coefficients and helpful advice and discussion during data evaluation and manuscript preparation.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this study was the first to conduct a bibliometric analysis of the documentary records of COVID-19-related research during the early phase of the epidemic by using VOSviewer to assess the current hot topics of Arab world research based on COVID-19.	1
However, it has not been examined whether the contribution to the top general medicine and basic science journals has changed during the last decade (2001-2010).	1
We find that overcoming these challenges while delivering the societal benefits associated with OAMJs is seen to require significant investment in people and systems, as well as an ongoing commitment to the model.	1
For the details of the novelty calculations, we refer the reader to "Appendix 2".	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
To address these issues, a full-text cognitive-based classification model of research methods called CogFT (a detailed description is provided in section 4.3) was introduced.	1
The best way to start is by looking at journals that you have not previously read.	0
Legend: entries in italics: scholarly publ.; entries in bold + italics: WoS record from original WoS set on wind power	0
Main paths in a co-author network of IR authors starting with G?vert	0
I proposed a definition and theoretical positioning of research quality that appear to align with previous ideas, ground the concept in social theory, and link it to the knowledge production processes of scientific communities.	1
Sketch of theoretical citation frequency of articles published in different years.	0
Contrary to traditional citation-based analysis, the altmetrics reflect the widespread attention to published scientific articles and the rise of social media for dissemination and discussion of scientific information.	1
After all, how does one segregate the population of research topics into control and treatment groups and observe how interdomainness differs between groups?	0
We introduce cumulative publications as a proxy for total R&D efforts and find surprisingly that silicon, Cu(In, Ga) Se2 (CIGSe), CdTe, and halide perovskite technologies have each followed essentially the same learning curve of 20-24% efficiency within 10,000 publications and a consistent marginal rate of 5% efficiency increase per factor of 10 in publications.	1
The authors acknowledge the assistance and cooperation of the University of North Texas faculty during this study.	0
The results appear in Table 2: in the table one can find the significance of the results and the size of the overlap for every pair.	0
Thus, our framework can benefit simultaneously from these two-type approaches.	1
However, in recent years, these significant differences disappeared.	1
This study has filled in this gap and bibliometrically investigated the Czech' research performance and trends during the past two decades.	1
This content was downloaded from IP address 193.202.83.119 on 14/06/2020 at 12:51	0
While previous research considered only individual facets of the research process (either actors or topics), the multi-dimensional KNI analysis approach addresses the interrelated intellectual and social dimensions of the theory of science (Banville & Landry, 1989; Kuhn, 1970; Whitley, 1984).	1
Received September 22, 2008; revised November 26, 2008; accepted November 26, 2008	0
That is why it is necessary to conduct this study.	1
(Eng.), is Head of the Information Analytics Center of the Trofimuk Institute of Petroleum Geology and Geophysics, RAS SB (RAS SB IPGG).	0
PUBLICATIONS OF THE ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY OF THE PACIFIC, 120:224-228, 2008 February	0
The construction of the two relative indicators, women's relative participation and contribution, allows for the comparisons of comparison, that is, the comparisons of the gender pattern across technological contexts.	1
Figure 3 is reproduced from Gl?nzel and Thijs (2012b) with permission of the publisher.	0
In this paper, I propose an extension of that method to calculate relevance rankings for each of the documents retrieved by the method.	1
I also suggest ways of deciding author order in cases where two senior authors contributed equally.	1
Needless to say that agricultural sciences are of vital importance for developing countries and for Cuba in particular.	0
We then propose a measure that quantifies each city's role in bridging East and West.	1
In fact, we have proved that the optimal amount of information about the research increases with the reviewer's prior valuation of the research work, as with greater initial valuation by the reviewer, the author wants to provide sufficient research information for the reviewer to be less likely to run out of manuscript items to evaluate.	1
In other words, it seems worthwhile to investigate whether co-classification analysis at the level of the database can provide us with an angle for mapping the intellectual organi- zation of the patents.	0
The paper makes three contributions: (1) it reaffirms that how researchers experience grant conditions affects whether a scheme affords what it intends, (2) it highlights that the affordances of research funding are relative to other concurrent funding options, and (3) it shows that small, more broadly allocatable grants can afford scientists an idealized research experience.	1
Thirdly, it examines cultural differences in the utilization of neutralization techniques.	1
Our model reveals disturbing results and demonstrates that the current, broadly accepted, academic practices for collaborations are designed in a way that stimulates authors to raise an ultimatum and stopped only by their integrity and not by a systematic design.	1
Here we show a novel technique for comparing subject categories, where the prestige of academic journals in each category is represented statistically by an impact-factor histogram.	1
This study found proposal risks—more than proposal strengths—to be a score-driving factor in the peer review of moderate- to high quality proposals.	1
Section 4 provides a discussion of our findings, after which we conclude the paper.	0
In short, the aforementioned techniques analyze complementary aspects of the evolution of topics in emerging research fields: i.e., the entity linking model identifies topics, the Mann-Kendall test -applied to topic models-shows the dynamics of trends (e.g., increasing, decreasing, etc.), and finally Kleinberg's burst detection algorithm provides a comprehensive and nuanced analysis of topic trends and popularity.	1
First, a review of the literature on knowledge evolution and academic genealogy is presented.	0
To the best of our knowledge, no research to date has empirically investigated the problem of missing author information on databases.	1
When comparing the Covid papers to non-Covid papers made available as working papers at the same time, we find that Covid papers are written by larger teams, are downloaded more often and receive more citations.	1
Originally presented at the 7th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) and 12th COLLNET Meeting, September 20–23, 2011, Istanbul Bilgi University, Istanbul, Turkey.	0
Although there have been sounding alarm that AI may pose grave danger to humans, it plays a crucial role in improving human welfare in diverse sectors [24].	0
This paper adopts an inclusive, wide-scope definition of WR and captures the research being done in this science from carefully selected databases.	1
Second, the systematisation that emerged from this study might contribute to enhancing the conceptual rigour of this research field.	1
This study wants to explore the importance, specialty, productivity and influence of the journal and demonstrate its leading topics, authors, institutions and countries.	1
We has used this data set for testing a new methodology.	1
It is the first bibliometric study on peri-implant diseases.	1
Figure 7: The Macro-level International Collaboration Network of Top 50 Hot Papers.	0
journal output, journal content, journal perception, journal citations and journal management.	1
School of Mechanical Science and Engineering, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China	0
Our relevant study substantially deviates from the existing empirical works in two ways.	1
Calculating WIF for university websites in Pakistan and presenting the comparison with other types of website ranking system is a kind of first study conducted for Pakistani library websites.	1
Final section draws some conclusions on the advantages, limitations, and the future work plans.	0
The tree was then drawn from the data in the matrix.	0
This article does not contain any studies with human participants or their data.	0
Authors' affiliations: 'Department of Medical Librarianship and In- formation Sciences, Faculty of Management and Medical Information Sciences, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Center for Gifted and Talented Students, Medical Education and Development Center (EDC), Iran University of Medical Sciences, Department of Biotechnology, Cellular & Molecular, and Burns Research Centers, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, 4Department of Medical Librarianship and Information Sciences, Faculty of Allied Medicine, Hamadan Univer- sity of Medical Sciences, Hamadan, Department of Health Sciences Management, Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University, Tehran, Iran.	0
University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7230 (Dr Garfunkel).	0
The fact that there is not a single journal dedicated to this important subject may reduce the visibility, availability and impact of published research.	1
Although scientific publications count among the most adequate ways to achieve this purpose, there is no Spanish journal of social work in the main international databases.	1
This analysis of researcher mobility in the Eurozone allows us to track migratory flows, identifying both sending and receiving countries.	1
The discussions are divided into the following sections: DigiTool overview, local customization, implementation of handles, metadata and object ingest, usage statistics generation, integration with CSU Discovery, and conclusions.	0
The funders had no role in study design, data analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
His most important research interests are information-seeking behavior, knowledge management, research methodology, and science and technology studies.	0
Where CEDA differs from some of these other research impact reporting infrastructures is that its work does not directly lead to impact; instead, it enables scientists to do their impactful research, and it is therefore akin to other sorts of research support that might exist for researchers, such as libraries, museums, and archives, or other forms of technical support.	1
In reference (Chien, 2022d), a novel approach for plotting forest plots is presented, clearly displayed and interpreted on Google Maps dashboards.	1
TP: total number of highly cited articles; IF2012: impact factor for 2012.	0
A general concept of bibliometric equilibrium is introduced and a model describing its special case is proposed.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
To the best of the authors' knowledge, no such bibliometric report has been published for ethnopharmacology.	1
We have demonstrated in this pilot study in the early years after social media adoption that social media posting is weakly correlated with academic citation among recent research publications in hand surgery.	1
Numbers in parentheses indicate totals pertaining to the document counts of individual members.	0
g-DMR provides more general generative models than DMR does and can perform topic inference with more complicated metadata.	1
This article investigates and analyzes the index time issue of early access records based on the WoS database, and studies the factors that may affect the index time.	1
Sen, who was a librarian atthe National Science Library of India over a substantive time, and proclaimed as aninformation scientist, ascientometrician and a lexicographer.	1
By doing so, it aims to contribute a nuanced understanding of the complex interplay between predatory publishing practices, interdisciplinary opportunities, and the broader academic publishing system.	1
Another advantage of the RelRank is that co-authors who collaborate on a collection of papers published in a venue can be distinguished by considering the co-authors' relevance to this venue rather than their contribution in their collaborations (usually reflected by the bylines of papers).	1
Our introduction of a new class of heatmaps improves heatmap representation, especially for longitudinal RESP data without the need for additional tables to show the extra information.	1
To our knowledge, this study provides the first bibliographic evidence for its ascendance as the primary driver.	1
Those findings can be utilized to predict and recognize high quality dissertations.	1
Our model system may be adapted in academic hospitals to better address the editing needs of non-native English-speaking researchers.	1
Web of Science accessed on March 29, 2007; MFS denotes the mean family size.	0
our bibliometric analysis provides a pivotal tool to evaluate the characteristics and trends of the publications related to the neurointerventional treatment of cerebrovascular diseases.	1
Ellen Nebelong-Bonnevie is the corresponding author and can be contacted at: en@db.dk	0
Institute of Occupational Medicine, Social Medicine and Environmental Medicine, Goethe-University, Frankfurt, Germany	0
This study can serve as a reference for policymakers and funders when building teams to achieve disruptive discoveries.	1
In order to test this new impact indicator, an empirical application with more than two hundred journals belonging to four different fields is presented.	1
Latest players in the debate include initiatives based on alt-metrics, which enrich the landscape with promising indicators.	1
The affiliation, location and address data for each author was examined.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
These results could help editors to select good reviewers as well as opening a new source of data for scientometrics analyses.	1
Then, empirical results from previous studies are synthesised, focussing on the lessons for research management.	0
The networks of country, ownership category, organization, researcher in knowledge-transfer are the focus in the further research, which can help to explain the process of knowledge-transfer.	0
Basically, multiple mentions of references have not been systematically examined.	1
Our main contribution consists in further understanding how government research funding and scientific networks influence research publications in the field of nanotechnology.	1
Table 1 New European Union Member States according to the year of adhesion in alphabetical order	0
Significant values of the test statistic (Dmax) are in bold type.	0
We extracted all available data from the publication reporting each study.	0
The current study aims at leveraging this algorithm to quantify the academic achievement of US orthopaedic academic departments in 2013, an effort that has previously not been attempted.	1
The two identifiable dimensions, integration (blending of concepts) and interaction (researcher collaboration), sit along a continuum of relationships creating the potential for new knowledge through cross-disciplinary research.	1
At the time of writing, Benjamin Y Clark was in the Department of Public Administration and Policy, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602, USA.	0
Proportionate share of different OA types in the non-funded Indian research publications.	0
This work is supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research under award number FA9550-15-1-0162 and FA9550-17-1-0089.	0
The scientific research quality level of pharmacoeconomics evaluation literature in China is low.	1
Findings also revealed that despite geopolitical tensions, the highest number of internationally coauthored S&E COVID-19 articles between two countries involve the US and China.	1
Another gap is the lack of investigation on the importance of (weak) collaborative ties that may potentially lead to better job placement (Granovetter, 1973).	1
This does not alter the authors' adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
In comparison, the present study approaches the QPT from a sectoral perspective and, importantly, considers not only the winning but also the losing side of the contest.	1
As shown in Table 2, we did not observe much difference between the correlations computed using citation (0.284) and those using CiteULike readership (0.278).	0
Finally, the respective average values for the period 1996–2005 are displayed in the last line.	0
Received 1 February 2017; Received in revised form 30 April 2017; Accepted 21 June 2017	0
Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, Georgia.	0
This investigation is one of a few studies that empirically investigated the relationships between the LIS and data mining research domains.	1
She earned her master’s of library science at the University of Texas at Austin.	0
We present a new concept─Wikiometrics—the derivation of metrics and indicators from Wikipedia.	1
The approach put forward in this article can be seen as a management information tool, allowing research funding decisions to be taken from a systematic overview of portfolio attributes in a fully transparent process.	1
The extent of the success offers some support to the original idea that spurred SGER programme formation that the NSF peer review process was too conservative when choosing grants to fund.	1
In this study, we adopt a systematic approach to analyze the career histories of over 20,000 junior scientists supported by the Chinese Young Scientists Fund.	1
One methodological finding that may be of interest to future researchers is that studying international collaboration requires an understanding of existing network density.	1
Keywords Nanotechnology · Public values · Science and technology policy · Public policy analysis	0
Second, to evaluate the paper's influence inside and outside its research field, the focus citation-based paper index (FCPI) and diversity citation-based paper index (DCPI) are proposed based on topic similarity and diversity, respectively.	1
This study also analysed the impact of article placement order on research prominence, including Altmetric Scores and download rate.	1
Based on a slightly modified version of the scheme used by Derrick et al.	0
We have been looking forward to the opportunity to express our sincere appreciation to the members of the Society for Medical Decision Making who participated in our research and to the Society’s executive board who kindly granted us permission to do the study.	0
In the current approach, the use of affiliation and, above all, contribution vectors are proposed instead of scalar measures concerning articles and scholars' disciplinary profiles.	1
Thus, this paper provides a comprehensive and broad review that encourages the scientific community and researchers in OR to engage in further discussions.	1
We performed correlations as another step to gauge metric agreements between the four included datasets (Table 3).	0
This paper analyzes how boundary crossing researchers originated from physics induce interdisciplinary knowledge flows.	1
This project demonstrates that more than half of the researchers found guilty of misconduct by ORI seemingly dropped out of research afterward.	1
The current analysis represents the first attempt to quantify the published output of four IIMs' research from 2010–2021 in order to assess the current research trends and provide some fresh perspectives into the complex dynamics.	1
Thus, the only way to study interdisciplinarity and polyparadigmality is the theoretical-methodological approach, which combines expert linguistic analysis, the corpus approach, and methods of statistical analysis and mathematical modeling.	1
Moreover, the study uncovers the structural mechanisms underlying journals' structural influence from a dynamic perspective.	1
The present article takes a journal-level approach to assessing the OA citation advantage, whereas many others take a paper-level approach.	1
As biomedical and clinical research become increasingly complex and team-driven, and given the importance attributed to first authorship by grant reviewers and promotion and tenure committees, the time is ripe for journals, bibliographic databases, and authors to highlight equal first author contributions of published original research.	1
Since the field is rather new and is still being developed, an analysis of current and past research constituents offers a unique opportunity to assess how research and education in OM has spread across the globe.	1
However, empirical analysis testing the democracy-science compatibility hypothesis remains underdeveloped.	1
The study will let the stakeholders know whether there exists any gender disparity in LIS research.	1
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—?— 2013	0
Provide feedback on this article at the journal's Web site, www.annemergmed.com.	0
Goodreads is therefore explored in this paper because there have been few studies of altmetric indicators focused on the humanities and because reader ratings on this platform may fill a void associated with altmetrics for scholarly books.	1
With this approach, scientific knowledge could be mapped from a social perspective, thus offering a radically different view to that of the traditional maps constructed from the relationships between the scientific studies themselves.	1
Data sharing statement Unpublished data from the survey can be obtained upon request from AR.	0
YX and XL: study design, data analysis, and interpretation, writing manuscript and coordination of the entire study, LX, RZ, and XL: data collection and analysis, interpretation, and revision of the manuscript.	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
This finding is in contrast to similar studies conducted in the fields of anesthesia (Fassoulaki et al.	1
The strategic diagram of 12 theme clusters of RecSys in China.	0
We propose WEIG - Wroclaw Effectiveness Indicator for Grants.	1
However, the institutional picture is rather different after one refines the analysis to academic library practitioner output.	0
The results of this study should be of immense benefit to those studying the science of science and S&T policy.	1
The present study may also contribute to the existing knowledge by shedding more light on the Green-Gold duality as shaped and oriented by authors' decisions.	1
We thank Ludo Waltman for helpful comments on a previous version of the manuscript.	0
In this paper, a novel technique for exploring the research front is proposed to enhance traditional co-word methods.	1
Discrete and continuous data were displayed as mean ± standard error.	0
Такие равновесия B описанных выше системах мы называем библиометрическими.	1
In the study, the influence of new variables such as moral obligation and past behavior were tested along with more familiar TPB constructs.	1
For the single data set considered in this study the model was fit using regression.	0
Editor: Pablo Dorta-González, Universidad de las Palmas de Gran Canaria, SPAIN	0
AIC weight is the probability that the model is the “best approximating” model.	0
Values variables (final five in table) were measured using Likert scales (1 = strongly agree and 5 = strongly disagree).	0
Through robust clustering of GEQR, the KS emerges from the dynamic co-word network, allowing for a novel assessment strategy map/table to be proposed, which is a function not found in existing methods.	1
In the course of the analysis process, we decided to complement the two-stage analytical procedure with the third stage and the section is structured accordingly.	0
The publication productivity of residents has been reported in various specialties, mainly in North America, but never in pathology.	1
From a global perspective, our study was also able to identify many countries for which no HIV and HPV estimates could be found.	1
However, understanding of the knowledge evolution of TE during its development, namely the evolution of research topics and orientation of research fronts, is lacking.	1
Subject category-wise open access (OA) publications with and without article processing charges (APCs)	0
Values represent the time lag of the connection, measured in years.	0
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
The top 20 coinvesting agencies of the CTSA program based on the funding agency of scientific articles.	0
This is an approach that has not been implemented in previous studies, but has potential to provide a more standard picture of the journals reviewed in the present study.	1
The following quotations identify the well-known works in a discipline and assigned as course readings.	0
We propose a modification to Bretag et al.'s (2011) exemplary academic integrity model to better meet the challenges of the digital age.	1
Parallel to the increasing importance of Legal medicine, the present study is the first study that makes a holistic evaluation of the articles in this field.	1
After viewing the detailed information about the data in Fig.	1
Patent's citations in the three zones for the three technological areas.	0
This study can help to understand new research trends in the area of animal genetic resources and climate change and can assist in the development of future actions within the research community.	1
The author would like to thank Professor Mike Thelwall and anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments on earlier drafts of this paper.	0
We argue that incentives, in particular direct payment for publications, undermine the academic project by positioning publications in terms of exchange-value rather than their use-value as a contribution to knowledge building.	1
He is former president of the Southern Political Science Association, former president of the State Politics and Policy Section of the American Political Science Association, and former editor of the American Politics Quarterly.	0
In particular, there is a research gap with reference to the impact of the REF mandate on this lived experience of UK researchers and repository managers.	1
Here, let μ = 6 and λ1 + λ2 = 1.	0
BG was supported by the NVKP_16-1-2016-0037 grant of the National Research, Development and Innovation Office, Hungary.	0
We suggest that the m(Q)-index would benefit all researchers because it provides a fairer evaluation of impact.	1
*Reprint requests should be sent to Douglas Peters, Program in Social Ecology, University of California, Irvine, Calif.	0
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
The rest of this paper is organized into four sections and an Appendix.	0
This paper maps the network of collaborative authorship in the Journal of Econometrics (JE).	1
The data obtained will be useful to determine the evolution of EULAC collaborations and main characteristics in one of the most visible databases used by the scientific and academic community.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric study based on co-word analysis to have focused on gender differences in science.	1
Bhaskar Mukherjee, Department of Library and Information Science, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, 221005, India	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY ??	0
Our findings introduce new questions about the mechanisms that lead to cross-discipline and cross-region collaborations, and the ways in which men and women may be rewarded (or not) for these ties.	1
Our extended hypotheses and findings suggest that the linear slope for the prediction of a conditional quantile of the quality (H) distribution increases as a function of quantile order.	1
We use the term teaching to refer to publications in teaching journals.	0
In this cross-sectional analysis of full-length original research articles published in specific high-impact general medicine journals, we demonstrated that AAS poorly correlated with the number of citations in the subsequent 3 years.	1
In this paper, we develop an organization theory of scientific pathologies that links the structure of collaborations with the likelihood of pathologies.	1
Not all nodes are visible in Figure 3 due to the limits of two-dimensional visualisation.	0
The crowd-translation platform, which we have developed, has built-in quality control mechanisms, including registration and authentication for qualification, anonymous peer-review, and final selection by expert consultants.	1
The paper offers an alternative perspective to the debate on the effective management of innovation, a debate currently dominated by the experiences of the USA, Japan and Western Europe.	1
Even though the four discussed collaboration problems have been previously addressed (Mei?ner et al., 2022) and their effects have been analysed (Hückst?dt, 2022), to our knowledge no other study investigated their emergence on the basis of representative survey data.	1
However, no studies have elucidated the gendered implications of how such measures are put into practice in the day-to-day activities of managers and research evaluators.	1
For computation efficiency in later variations of the AAI, we now define A’ and B’ as binary variables and present an alternative form of Eq.	0
The advisory panel contributed immeasurably to the success of the Project and also to the pleasure of being part of it.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, ????):-, 2013	0
Still, we believe that our stylized responses are plausible because they capture important, although perhaps not all aspects of the two conventional models that have been so influential in the philosophy and history of science.	0
To our knowledge, the present study represents the first attempt to apply a science mapping approach for evaluating structure and development of the Mediterranean forest research.	1
Unfortunately, none of them can yet be answered by reference to reliable evidence.	0
Here I show that the indicator suffers from, at least, two significant issues, which undermine its utility as an alternative metric.	1
Although some studies have already shown the problem of the higher citation rates of reviews compared to original papers in evaluating scientific research, the number of studies is very limited.	1
Third, we wanted to include Japanese voices and experiences as there has been very little research that draws on these perspectives.	1
However, closer inspection of the submissions behind the data reveals that the one with the largest N value, and that corresponding to the rightmost point in Fig.	0
This is the first concise study that specifically addresses scientometric aspects of Wroc?aw social sciences activity in a period of more than fifty years, beginning in the communist era in 1966 and ending in the democratic era in 2017.	1
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The findings are likely to be unsurprising to the knowledgeable reader.	0
To prove this point, conduct a quick experiment at your own desk.	0
An interregional transfer of tacit knowledge was largely unimportant for the spatial diffusion of research in this technological field.	1
This paper addresses whether metrics are considered a legitimate and integral part of the assessment of research, explore the role of metrics in different review contexts and fields of research, and discuss implications for research evaluation and policy.	1
Where an exclusion was applied, the next university on the QS rankings was added, to arrive at the top 20 universities for each nation that met the criteria.	0
Therefore, our study extends the debate on symbolic violence in academic publishing taking Pakistan as a case study.	1
Using comparable models to explain global differences in shadow library use on a country level and including a more fine-grained analysis of scholarly piracy within the EU, we arrive at similar conclusions.	1
This study analyzes the production and trends of research related to Opuntia through unidimensional bibliometric indicators, with the aim of allowing researchers and decision makers to focus, plan and direct research in those countries where the species is important, based on the results.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interests with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Laura Cruz-Castro is a senior research fellow at the CSIC Institute of Public Goods and Policies in Madrid.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-0473.htm	0
To our knowledge, this study is the first to evaluate whether OA citation advantage exists in gynecologic oncology research.	1
One of the simplest evidences of rising popularity of interdisciplinary, one can think of, is the growth of the number of interdisciplinary papers over the years.	0
In addition to coverage, we define other metrics to investigate the data quality, including accuracy, precision, and recall.	1
Note: no results are presented for Latin America for the period 1981–1990 because of the small numbers of documents and occurrences	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 5 times since 2018*	0
Center for Neural Informatics, Structure, and Plasticity; Krasnow Institute for Advanced Study, Neuroscience Program, and Psychology Department; George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, USA.	0
In accordance with the empirical data, we shall use this assumption in the following discussion.	0
This paper introduces a new functional analyses perspective applied to Bernoulli outcomes in the familiar regression framework, that seeks to overcome these inconsistencies.	1
Table 1: Data sources for successive citation of physics papers from SCI-based records	0
The proposed method combines both textual and structural data from the paper, using a method that focuses on screening important information by sections in science and technology documents.	1
Received: 15 January 2011/Accepted: 27 January 2011/Published online: 3 June 2011	0
This section proposes a simple, yet powerful and quantifiable portfolio model as an improvement to the merit-based approach.	1
The case report presented here highlights challenges that most institutions and their Libraries are facing at this point in time.	1
In this study, I present summary data on turnaround times for over 80 journals that regularly publish papers in fisheries science and the surrounding disciplines.	1
By analyzing a dataset of publications statistics spanning five years for all researchers within a single Norwegian research institute in the social sciences, we consider how measuring productivity in different ways affects the resulting account of the gender gap.	1
One advantage of the present method over previous ones is that rather than grouping articles into different categories, it assigns continuous scores to articles, therefore allowing me to capture the varying basicness of articles in the same group.	1
However, there is a lack of specific studies on the overall status and improvement strategies of research integrity in Chinese universities with medical programs.	1
Address correspondence to Sonia Poulin, Reference/Subject Librarian, Vanier Library, VL 127-4, Concordia University, 1455 de Maisonneuve Ouest, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1M8.	0
Indeed, while most empirical and theoretical evidence in science thus far documents that individuals benefit tremendously from success 1,2,4–8,29,52,59, our results offer among the first empirical evidence showing that some individuals can also benefit from setbacks, which may have broad implications for both individual investigators and institutions that aim to support and nurture them.	1
Even with nonlimiting means, competition would still be there because it is part of our biology.	0
For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.	0
This work uncovers and quantitatively analyses macroscopic patterns that govern changes in research interests, thereby showing that there is a high degree of regularity underlying scientific research and individual careers.	1
§105 provides that ‘Copyright protection under this title is not available for any work of the United States Government.’	0
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Two stars indicate statistical significance at the 5% level for a two-tailed test.	0
Core plus extended academic team structure definition: we define collaborative team structure according to the collaboration intensity between scholars, which are composed of two parts, i.e., core teams and extension groups.	1
Section 4 presents descriptive on research areas and statistics on gendered collaborations, and finally, Section 5 presents the results of the regression model.	0
Analysis was performed with GraphPad Prism 8 software (San Diego, CA).	0
(2012): increasing S-shaped graph, first convex then concave.	1
Author contributions: Zaihua Xu conceived and designed the study, analyzed data, and wrote the manuscript.	0
The present study also enabled us to confirm the increasing tendency for publications to have a collaborative authorship.	1
Each country needs research with the proper bias in the various fields of science and technology to achieve development and continuity of its growth.	0
Furthermore, while Bakare and Lewison (2017) studied national bias from the perspective of citations, we addressed the problem from the perspective of bibliographical references.	1
One can talk about two viewpoints on the nature of the concept of additivity.	0
Listen to Hermes-Lima's podcast (in Portuguese) on this subject at: http:// cienciabrasil.blogspot.com/2008/03/podcast-episdio-03-publicaes-cientficas.html.	0
I will begin by presenting the results separately for each author list before discussing them and the results of the weighted MDS analysis.	0
This study used Poisson regression analysis to create a new method to evaluate innovation performance.	1
We share our department's increase in DSA over a short 2-year period after implementing our IRI.	1
Our investigation revealed significant problems in Korean citation indexes, which are even more pronounced than those found in popular citation databases.	1
Received May 27, 2013; revised July 30, 2013; accepted July 30, 2013	0
The model yields several results, some of which go in opposite direction to those in other models.	1
Thanks also to three unknown reviewers as well as the editors of Science & Technology Studies who all provided valuable feedback.	0
Only links with weights greater than 2 are displayed for graph clarity.	0
Random links were excluded by eliminating links whose weight is 1.	0
The study also introduces machine learning algorithms based novel approach for assigning appropriate weights to the logical sections of research papers.	1
The finding of correlations between the number of citations and altmetric scores of articles published in 2007 and after provides an additional parameter to the value of altmetric scores.	1
The present work reports on a new solution designed to proactively prevent the academic misconduct that arises from students posting assessment questions on file-sharing websites.	1
This paper has two goals: first to provide comprehensive background information on the payment for publication landscape as it currently stands to assist libraries with providing information to researchers; and second to explore the management aspects of publication payment.	1
Each edge represents an author in the network, and the connections between them (edges) represent their collaborations.	0
Second, in contrast to the existing literature, the paper focuses on the effects of star help in small open economies.	1
This method is potentially applicable to more general systems that have input-output relations among their elements.	1
This paper has adopted a monographic approach towards one of the most relevant criteria which decides the publication of scholarly work: originality.	1
This study facilitates a better understanding of social contributions to the scientific and socioeconomic development of countries and it is valuable for governments and policy makers for taking into account the importance of these social variables in leading countries towards excellence in science.	1
The average productivity increases steadily from the beginning until it reaches the peak at age fifty.	1
Our goal here is not a comprehensive review of all network properties that influence knowledge processes.	0
In the present research, we identify several indicators that can be objectively determined and that are more aligned with creativity than impact, and we examine these indicators and their relationship with impact and originality.	1
A method has been presented that allows the classification of universities based on the relationship between their overall scientific production and the production applied to patents.	1
Received March 3, 2013; revised April 26, 2013; accepted April 29, 2013	0
Please cite this article as: Wan-Ying Chang, et al., Research Policy, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2019.03.001	0
The novelty of the work is the implementation of a bibliometric analysis conducted on Scopus and Web of Science, using analytical software (Bibliometrix R, VOSviewer), identifying future paths of analysis and evaluations of the impact of Altman's methods.	1
To my knowledge, this is the first attempt to construct a ranking of economics journals using data from the REF, or any other research evaluation, complementing analysis of such data in other fields (see e.g.	1
Liu Junjia and Bouko de Groot are thanked for their assistance.	0
The query was also amended and submitted to search for Microsoft Word documents (.doc and.docx), which are also present in the repository.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Therefore, to our knowledge, there are no previous works on acknowledgement analysis, which examines a large quantity of acknowledged entities other than funding organizations and grant numbers (Smirnova & Mayr, 2022).	1
Please cite this article as: Abrizah, A., et al., Citation Performance of Malaysian Scholarly Journals in the Web of Science, 2006-2010, Serials Review (2013), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.serrev.2013.01.001	0
In order to gain a fuller understanding of LIS development as a whole, our study applied some of the recently proposed disciplinary measures to a sample of L-Schools, defined here as ALA-accredited LIS programs offering PhD degrees and not part of the iCaucus.	1
Yet, to date, there has been no qualitative study of how US and Russian scientists negotiate differences over the course of their collaborations and what factors most influence the longevity and productivity of their collaborations.	1
These elements are the papers' impact and the authors' recognition, and they are included in our CCA proposal, which is the novel contribution of the present work.	1
One journal may be categorized in more than one subject area.	0
The present study builds upon the existing scholarly productivity literature and contributed the following: (1) utilized a unique and comprehensive self-report methodology across institutions of various types (bachelor's, master's, doctoral) and (2) considered a greater number of activities which are metrics of scholarly productivity.	1
After that, we will present the results of our study on the evolution of publications by date, publication journals, collaboration networks between authors and institutions, and research topics (Section 4).	0
We confirmed it is correct by comparing the examples in this article with the Mann-Whitney test in the statistical software program Statistica from StatSoft.	0
Our findings add to existing insights on the habits, wishes, and perspectives that researchers hold towards research and research assessments.	1
We believe that periodic analyses and comparisons of the characteristics of representative spine journals will help to shape the direction of future improvements.	1
Our findings provide empirical evidence for the importance of making RA abstracts accessible to non-expert readers in order to increase the impact of research outputs among the general public.	1
In the literature, there is no current research which entirely addresses open access in the context of awareness, attitudes, and use.	1
Obviously, regardless of whether JIFn and JIF are computed to the same number of decimal places, CRn is always zero or positive.	0
Notice that EU has published more than 5000 papers in this field	0
Third, aside from the statistical indices for academic papers, we propose a foreign academic degree of dependence (FAD) to characterise the dependence between two academic groups.	1
School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332-0345, USA	0
These findings can also be a useful benchmarking tool for assessing the effectiveness of strategies to improve participation rates in the respective RI education modes.	1
This was operationalized through calculating the similarity index for both MEDLINE and SCI records, respectively.	0
The article presents a model of the academic review process, which assumes that authors are fully informed about their article's quality whereas referees and editors only get noisy signals (as opposed to the more common assumption in the literature, that editors perfectly observe article quality during the review process).	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ciai20	0
By avoiding an arbitrary selection of articles (e.g., in (sets of) journals, disciplines etc.), we aimed for an unbiased, generally applicable assessment of authorship trends in the biomedical literature over all research fields.	1
We also show for the first time that a large proportion of cardiovascular journals are poorly cited and the absolute number of poorly cited journals are increasing; an observation that questions the value of many of the new cardiovascular journals.	1
This paper introduces a database-tool infrastructure that was designed to support big Sci2 studies.	1
See Peters (2002) for examples and arguments for and against consortial digital repositories.	0
The first purpose of this study was to identify the major domestic science education programs based upon recognized research journals.	1
Downloaded from aje.sagepub.com at NORTHWESTERN UNIV LIBRARY on March 24, 2015	0
The ICC was 0.44 for reviewers, 0.24 for editors, and 0.12 for manuscripts, meaning that about 20% of the variance seen in the review ratings was attributable to the reviewer, 6% to the editor, and 1% to the manuscript.	0
Our paper contributes a multi-disciplined citation analysis via connectivity in an extensive citation network.	1
We found that the Radicchi index eliminated variability associated with publication and citation opportunity between different specialties when compared to the h-index.	1
However, the total number of publications also increased for these journals.	0
Our objective was to apply data analytics techniques to see if these assumptions bore scrutiny.	1
In this article, we examine this relationship between academic research production and economic growth for the G7 countries by allowing for asymmetry in the investigation.	1
The above two content-based features are combined to define weighted citation links.	1
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
1222 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—September 2005	0
The findings highlight the importance of a national research-support system and development of IC as strategies for new states that are entering the HEP field, and provide comparison of the two strategies.	1
By retrospectively comparing measures of specific individuals with measures of the same individuals with different measures at different times we have been able to quantify both the relative stability and the ability of the metrics to predict future performance.	1
Received 5 January 2001; received in revised form 1 February 2001; accepted 1 May 2001	0
1 Non-Traditional Security Center of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, Hubei, China	0
Georg Winckler for supporting this work in terms of its realization and Michael Harlan Lyman for his general comments.	0
In this paper, we suggest a framework for qualitative analysis based on the distinction between three dimensions of societal impact: epistemological, artefactual and interactive-institutional.	1
In this paper, we provide the first systematic large-scale investigation of the link between scientist age and the vintage of ideas that scientists use in their work.	1
These studies have limitations, such as small and biased sample-sizes, where the more well-known or popular scientists may be overrepresented (Ke et al.	0
This section will show detailed results of the methodology and final analysis of the knowledge map.	0
In this context, many of social scientists proposed theories that can help in explaining the associated and the influential factors on the national research productivity.	0
A novel approach to predicting exceptional growth in research	1
Department of Internal Medicine, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, Lubbock, Texas	0
The implication of the study is that since the academics utilise the content of IR to a large extent but the rate of their submission is very low, there is need for sensitisation and creating awareness on the importance and use of IR.	1
Conflict of interest Authors have no conflict of interest relevant to this article.	0
The aim was, therefore, to offer an alternative to the traditional form-based access routes that are usual in bibliographic databases.	1
This paper greatly extends the methodology used in Roe et al. (2014) by its application to all the papers in a subject area, including multi-national ones, and by the provision of a file of all the named researchers, classified by their ethnicity and sex, and the country or countries in which they were working.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Using an in-depth, qualitative analysis of pre-conceived conceptions and their behaviour during the evaluation process, this article offers an empirical analysis of how external political considerations, infiltrate the assessment of societal impact.	1
However, studies in the LIS field involving the effect of scientific collaboration on the multifaceted measures of interdisciplinarity of climate change remain very rare.	1
The following section presents details of the sampling strategies and measures used in the survey.	0
Tel.: +370 5 274 49 10; fax: +370 5 270 0112.	0
The proposed method could be used to perform an integrated bibliometric analysis in any research field without the use of coding or specialised tools.	1
Please cite this article as: Salandra, R., Research Policy (2018), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2018.04.005	0
In this sense, the study of scientific coauthorship through social network analysis allows for a more precise analysis of the collaboration structures within a discipline or area of knowledge than studies based on bibliometric indicators alone.	1
Hence, through this study, we not only supplement the limited studies of cultural authorship-related issues but also, and more importantly, offer a richer and deeper understanding of the possible underlying causes of and local researchers' attitudes toward QAPs in Taiwan from a culture-specific perspective.	1
A broader analysis, such as the one conducted in this study, not only shows the impact of scholarship but also accounts for highly cited publications, relevancy [current] of publications, and contributions to publications.	1
Received 10 July 2018; Received in revised form 15 August 2018; Accepted 29 September 2018	0
While the literature above confirmed that faculty’s library use was associated with their research productivity, it is limited in its exploration of how faculty perceived the importance of the library resources and the library’s impact on their research productivity.	1
These findings also serve as a historical record of the studies on LCA, contributing to its future history.	1
6 Publications accepted by the WOS core collection and N values of core institutions	0
Human and animal participants This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
This work was supported in part by a Fellowship of the School of Computational Science and Information Technology, Florida State University.	0
As a matter of fact, a comprehensive analysis on understanding the learners' perception towards the e-exams was not done earlier, particularly in the developing nations.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 4 times since 2017*	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ussj20	0
Norwegian BERD specialisation: three-year averages of the BERD RSI index, 1993–1995 and 2001–2003	0
Our measure, ?, differs from the many existing measures in two important ways.	1
While previous work is often small-scaled and largely based on case studies and qualitative work, we present a large-scale, quantitative, and representative study to investigate important drivers behind research collaboration problems in various disciplines.	1
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)	0
At the same time, this paper introduces the two indicators: D (n) and D (a), which can reflect the degree of novelty and attention of an institution's research direction or research content.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
The approach proposed in this study can actually be used to track any research object that can be enclosed in a specific URL (e.g., software, scientific conferences, presentations, online courses, videos, scientific exhibitions, research projects, academic websites, etc.), effectively expanding the analytical scope of the scientometric toolset by incorporating a novel digital dimension through methods that draw from the fields of Webometrics and Altmetrics.	1
The scientists' flow network, based on the characterization of the individual flow of academicians of the CAS and CAE, provides a new perspective to focus on the research of different types of talents.	1
***, **, and * denotes significance at the 1%, 5%, and 10% level, respectively	0
In the present work, we have thus designed a solution to visualize the content of not yet annotated textual fields (such as full trials descriptions) to reveal how knowledge evolves in pandemic times.	1
In this study, we presented one such idea that may lead the foundation of innovative research-based entrepreneurship.	1
This strengthens the argument that surgeons with graduate degrees not only publish more frequently, but also publish in journals cited more frequently.	1
Also notably, the data indicate that it is timely for journals to require authors to highlight joint first authors of papers they are citing.	1
With that caveat stated, 1,350 different authors contributed 1554 articles, papers, and literature surveys during the fifty years.	0
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.org/10.1007/s11756-024-01741-2.	0
(Received 19 January 2023; revised 25 January 2023; accepted 31 January 2023; first published online 17 February 2023)	0
Center for Studies of Information Resources, School of Information Management, Wuhan University, Wuhan, China	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to deconstruct scholarly citations in such a fine-grained manner.	1
Deepening the understanding of the role of mentorship, this study provides evidence that mentorship enhances the research impact of doctoral students by furnishing favorable social capital through their coauthorship networks.	1
Acknowledgements We would like to thank Inge Bleijenbergh, Kathrin Zippel, and three anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments on earlier drafts of the manuscript.	0
The Protocol Development Groups are a unique feature of the workshop that cannot be provided at the students' home institutions.	1
However, using novel measures of translational science, this study examines the relationship between CTSAs and translational science per se.	1
Thus, although the difference is not large, the geometric mean is recommended instead of the arithmetic mean for future JIF calculations.	1
*Correspondence: J Mingers, Kent Business School, University of Kent, Canterbury CT2 7NZ Kent, UK.	0
The Express Information Service was introduced in India for the first time by him in 1973 when a serial publication on metallurgy providing long digests of articles was published.	1
Here we show that any regression model aimed at “predicting” should avoid using cumulative, non-decreasing, career measures	1
Afterward, we employed a t test to confirm if the scaling exponents of the power-law correlation have statistically a significant level.	0
In this work, we introduce an index to quantify the expertise of the authors by citation paths and we propose a collaborative method to ranking references.	1
Paige McDonald, Ozgur Eckmecki, Ellen Costello, and Ken Harwood for their assistance in the preparation of the manuscript.	0
No commercial party having a direct financial interest in the results of the research supporting this article has or will confer a benefit on the authors or on any organization with which the authors are associated.	0
It is perhaps to be expected that loosely defined groups of like-minded researchers within academic fields will tend to study similar questions with overlapping methodologies.	0
Jones is data coach and program evaluator in the Center for Academic Excellence, Saint Paul Public Schools, Saint Paul, Minnesota.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study examining H-index as an objective measurement of academic productivity by capturing bibliometric index at the time of promotions.	1
We thank Loet Leydesdorff, Tobias Opthof, Jean-Pierre Robitaille and Matthew Wallace as well as the three anonymous referees for their useful comments and suggestions.	0
Our bibliometric study provides unique information with respect to the high volume and variety of published data within the field of veterinary communication education, and it will be helpful for researchers who focus on this research field to acquire useful information about veterinary communication education.	1
The goal of this study was to systematically address the current range of, and historic trends in, manuscript specifications for journals in education.	1
This study tries to distinguish the concepts of WoK, WoS and WoSCC and further reveals the fact that different WoS may generate different h-index values.	1
In conclusion, the present study proposes some strategies to accelerate journal internationalization and improve international influence through comparative analysis of bibliometric indicators among eight SCI-indexed journals.	1
The dual-map approach introduces a new method for publication portfolio analysis.	1
We note that alphabetization scores cannot be calculated for single-author publications.	0
Malaysian Journal of Library & Information Science, Vol.15, no.3, Dec 2010: 53-73	0
Reliable evidence is needed to improve health- care quality and to support efficient use of limited resources, and this depends on the conduct of good- quality RCTs.	0
Distribution of citing papers by research domain of top 10 importers.	0
Number of journals that have published different numbers of papers that have been among the 100 most-cited in a scientific field in the last decade.	0
To cite this article: Rongrong Li, Xuefeng Wang , Yuqin Liu , Shuo Zhang & Omer Hanif (2020): Research status and collaboration analysis based on big data mining: an empirical study of Alzheimer's disease, Technology Analysis & Strategic Management, DOI: 10.1080/09537325.2020.1815693	0
The study suggests that the intensified self-correction in biomedicine is due to the attention of readers and authors, who spot errors in their hub of evidence-based information.	1
Fifty-two journals of environmental and civil engineering (nine journals that are deleted in Fig.	0
In this paper, we also present a web resource that helps editors to experiment with the review process as a device for information transmission.	1
This approach enables a direct comparison of how different factors affect productivity across blockchain, privacy, and cybersecurity, revealing field-specific patterns.	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no Conflict of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
To the best of our knowledge, there is no study covering the recent research about consumer neuroscience, neuromarketing and neuroaesthetics.	1
The problem, of course, is that not all citations are equal.	0
Downloaded from rsw.sagepub.com at Library - Periodicals Dept on November 16, 2014	0
However, after performing analysis of a large body of scientific evidence, we identified several problematic patterns related to suboptimal information velocity and data organization and availability.	1
First, investigations such as this can help us understand the relationships between impact, reputation, prestige, and related constructs as they apply to journals.	1
I would like to thank Bill Durham for seeing promise in my interests and ideas, and Stanford University for its financial and intellectual support.	0
It can be said that research and science funding are closely interrelated topics.	0
No institutional review board approval was required because such a study imposes no risks for human subjects.	0
DS and PD were not on the Editorial Board of IP in 2002 and were not involved with the decision making of manuscripts submitted to IP in 2002.	0
The authors would like to thank the John Campbell Trust for helping to cover the expenses involved in undertaking this research.	0
En cualquier caso, una línea de investigación emprendida desde hace tiempo es el análisis de la calidad de las revistas científicas mediante indicadores bibliométricos, bien comparando una revista determinada con otras revistas que tratan temas similares o de una misma disciplina (Buela-Casal et al., 2002; Villamón, Job, Valenciano y Devís, 2012), o bien mediante estudios longitudinales bibliométricos de la misma revista (Aliaga y Suárez-Rodríguez, 2007; Arbinaga, Aragón y Tejedor, 2010; González, Valderrama, Aleixandre y González, 2011).	0
As McDonough (1975) argues, it seems probable each criterion captures an element of journal quality, but none provides full information.	0
The authors, their institutions, and publishers accept no responsibility on behalf of readers.	0
This conceptual framework aims to articulate the study's underlying assumptions and connect the research questions with the data and the results.	0
No previous study seems to have contrasted first author and team productivity.	1
It turned out that no citation could be attributed to more than three categories.	0
However, our study shows the centrality of applying a relational perspective to understand persisting inequalities and their implications in the field of forest science.	1
Application of AHP for multi-criteria assessment of research through citation analysis is also a new idea.	1
Longitudinal Development of the Share of OA Journal Articles in the SCOPUS Index	0
Our research shows the advantages of multi-level and temporal network analysis in revealing the complexity of scientific collaboration patterns.	1
Such results also prove useful as a point of reference when evaluation criteria are elaborated by scientific committees, as unsupervised promotion and evaluation patterns could become based on local or overly subjective precepts, disregarding the disciplinary practices of the international scientific community.	1
This paper proposes that the scientific article can be understood the main unit in a piece-rate system that solves research patrons' problems of fairly evaluating and paying scientists.	1
Our main results suggest that the Mexican Diaspora tends to work in efficient research groups in their respective area of knowledge or discipline.	1
The study methods were very similar to those used by Voleti et al.8	0
The following considers the incentives regarding exits, entrants and QTs in turn.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2398-5348.htm	0
This paper revisits the problem of comparing journal ranking metric scores across fields and across metrics, and proposes a simple parametric adjustment process to facilitate such comparisons.	1
All these stages, by and large, have become unavoidable for the correct operation of the global scientific circuit.	0
A country is supposed to have a nested x-index of x if it has at least x institutions with x-index values of x.	0
This difference might be influenced by the number of collaborations because presumably high-impact institutions are more productive, so they have more collaborators and this increases the chance of being cited by the collaborator networks.	0
3 The K-shells of the keyword network of the DL field in China	0
To determine whether we can indeed compare fields within a nation, we formulate an alternative approach for the measure of productivity, which although it should be improved to control for varying intensity of publication across fields, still permits control for size of input, and which above all is feasible.	1
It is found that Anglosphere scholarship dominates the journalism knowledge production across the five countries.	1
Precise definitions of these terms will be offered in due time.	0
The article then offers a new conceptual framework for research impact, which incorporates multiple sites of external capital.	1
1 College of Economics and Management, Beijing University of Technology, Beijing 100124, China	0
Comparison of percentage reductions in result numbers by search filter used.	0
The goal of this paper is not only to apprise researchers of OSI_2.0's desirable characteristics in relation to other measures typically featured in studies of risk and science communication.	1
However, the variability involved with four varying means of qualitative analysis is thought to be a strength of this study and bring validity and reliability to resulting themes.	0
The current study extends this concept to explore several critical characteristics embedded within the person in the knowledge sharing process.	1
Space constraints do not permit publication of the summary display or the data coordinates for each of the data sets analyzed but Table 2 illustrates the comparative importance placed on dimensions of the stimulus space by citing authors in each period.	0
Additionally, the dashboards used to present the study results, which included social network analysis, were innovative and unique in bibliometric analyses.	1
Downloaded by New York University At 13:26 22 April 2015 (PT)	0
Here, we describe Citation Cloud, a free, public extension to PubMed that allows any user to visualize and analyze the citation cloud around any article A: the set of articles cited by A, those which cite A, those which are co-cited with A, and those which are bibliographically coupled to A.	1
In this paper, we construct, to our best knowledge, the first metric to quantify revolutionary discoveries, which is the core concept in Kuhn's groundbreaking theory of scientific revolutions.	1
We have developed a formal theory for the division of influence among scholarly manuscripts that follows from the mathematical theory of games to social power.	1
Acknowledgments We gratefully acknowledge Alexander Botte, Werner Dees, Daniel Munich, Olivier Rey and two anonymous referees for their helpful comments and suggestions.	0
In the simulation, the population is set to be 1000, with 800 susceptible and 200 infectious at the initial stage.	0
One of the contributions from this research is the correlation of many advanced global metrics with local metrics to predict downloads of journal articles at a local institution.	1
Here C?p is a constant independent of η for each quantile p.	0
Junior faculty are assistant and associate professors, while senior faculty are professors, division chiefs, and department chairs.	0
Third, this study features a wide range of data sources, including WOS, Scopus, Google Scholar, Google Trends, and ResearchGate, which makes the current study more integrated than older ones.	1
This paper provides an overview of the fellowships program, describes strategies used to create its interdisciplinary learning network, and uses social network data to describe the network's structure and development over time.	1
Our findings highlight new forces that explain the diffusion of innovation and shape the norms of academic research.	1
The second covers all disciplines and categorises papers by keywords based on their contents.	0
Our study investigated whether and how there are geographical differences in input and output factors related to FAW research within an enlarged Europe and if economic indices such as the NIC were associated with the reported resources and outcomes of research across several regions.	1
Having identified a structural gap between traditional learning research and current technology-based learning research we offer the following conclusions as ways of thinking about creating a stronger, more cohesive, and faster-developing research community.	1
The novel aspect here is that we introduced hyperparameters to reflect the prior knowledge of the rate of merging errors.	1
One interesting result Blank found is that nearly half the referees of the double-blind papers could correctly identify the identity of the author.	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
In sum, using our model we were able to successfully explain a surprisingly large proportion of the variance in units' output GPAs.	1
The most innovative aspect of the study is to apply the theory of percolation transition for the purpose of filtering out weaker edges, first proposed by Small (2009) for the purpose of clustering co-citation networks.	1
The novel feature of the paper is that a count data model quantifies the determinants of citation success and simulates their citation potential.	1
Our study is therefore also a call for more multilevel studies examining funding and research systems.	1
LS, the cofirst author and corresponding author, designed the study and conducted the research into literature distribution related to RS.	0
Received June 27, 2013; accepted March 19, 2014; published online December 3, 2014	0
We suggested a satisfying solution for improvement of the HEIs' ranking process by making the following contributions: (1) enhancing creditability of the ranking results by merely employing the objective performance indicators extracted from the publicly verifiable data sources, (2) developing an academic ranking methodology based on the objective indicators using two well-known data repositories, the DBpedia and ArnetMiner and (3) demonstrating effectiveness of the proposed ranking methodology on the real data sources.	1
On the methodological side, we add another explanatory variable, advisor co-authorship, that helps to investigate one pathway by which advisors help their students into a publication career.	1
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This research was developed under the sponsorship of the Spanish National Research Plan, research projects SEC 95-0082 and INF95-1287-E.	0
In these cases, zeroes were entered into the database describing the activity of the most prolific author.	0
A novel bibliometric index, the E-index, has been presented for bibliometric quantification of research efficiency;	1
In line with this thinking, we propose a method that accounts for author ordering with the ultimate goal of contributing to a more holistic understanding of the structure and implications of scholarly collaboration.	1
By using a broad portfolio of metrics, we aimed to address the major shortcomings of the h-index including bias toward more experienced researchers, lack of weighting toward highly cited articles, and limited differentiation between authorship patterns.	1
Figure 1 is our response that we offer as a model for systematic, empirical search strategy development.	1
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
We believe that our methodology is highly extensible to include additional domains within the computing discipline or replicating a similar study across multiple disciplines.	1
we can propose a framework score (F), which combines the number of elements in a system S, the total exergy X within the system (institutions within an area or areas within an institution), and the balance as the product F = ηX.	1
Finally, this study provides new directions for the future development of interdisciplinary research.	1
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2020.101068.	0
However, the many factors that determine the quality of a journal and its derived indices are complex.	0
Such a situation is a priori atypical, and the more common case is where the number of papers, Mp, does not equal Ma.	0
This section proposes why ISI-indexed SNPRs may help to unveil GINs.	0
The above-cited studies are mainly concerned about how the journals are ranked; however, perhaps an even more important issue is why the journals are ranked the way they are.	0
Paper 1 has received exactly the same number of citations according to Scopus (which is a fortunate coincidence).	0
This may be valued because the articles are “explicitly used” for scholarly related reasons although, as with conventional citations, these Web/URL citations may convey different degrees of use or impact.	0
In order to deal with the problem in identifying development paths in interdisciplinary research areas, this paper proposes a new main path analysis method.	1
Received August 23, 2016; revised October 31, 2016; accepted November 23, 2016.	0
This study improves on previous research on the OA citation advantage of OA journal articles in comparison to subscription journal articles, by applying three measures of citation advantage, two of which have been rarely used.	1
This, combined with Google Scholar's unique coverage (no restrictions on document type and source), makes the academic search engine an invaluable tool for bibliometric research relating to the identification of the most influential scientific documents.	1
There are not previous studies examining all the journals indexed in the Web of Science in the tourism, leisure and hospitality field during a period as wide as this one nor including as many countries as those analyzed in this paper (Top 50).	1
So much so that the network-creation method presented here is a key innovation compared on previous studies on co-authorship in Slovenia.	1
This is more of a marriage that has undergone successful counseling or behavior modification, however, rather than an adversarial divorce.	0
This paper discusses the challenges of profiling digital scholarly communication on UBRISA, a technology brimming with potential but which UB staff has largely ignored.	1
This was necessary to validate the responses which helped the study to understand from which level of experience the respondents answered questions.	0
The online activity of research can provide a different, broader, and updated picture of an article's impact.	1
It is possible that the number of research studies forwarded for review was lower or that the quality of research by investigators in the United States fell below that from other sources.	0
This enabled us to provide quantitative evidence regarding the degree of change between preprints and published articles in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic.	1
The binary tree is visualized using the Python package ETE3 (Huerta-Cepas et al., 2016).	0
By identifying and analyzing some variances to the general trends, we found that some successes may be attributed to effectively using the specific R01 structure that supports team science (ie, Multiple Principal Investigator awards), which enables the active collaborations among investigators with different expertise to pursue together a novel scientific hypothesis.	1
The results of this study are helpful for scholars in this field to find the knowledge structure and important participants.	1
Tables A1 and A2 in the online supplement provide a detailed breakdown of position “type” at the start of the career (i.e., immediately after the end of scientific training) and at the end of the observation period.5	0
There are the PI and XPI indices, which are statistically uncorrelated to the h- index, thus proving that they measure something that is different from what the h-index measures.	1
We propose that routine tasks require no acknowledgment; helpful suggestions and work beyond routine should be acknowledged; and substantial work that contributes intellectual content requires co-authorship status.	1
Another significant contribution of this paper is to establish initial evidence about the status of the DSM as a boundary object.	1
This developmental idea came about in response to the various recent attempts at promoting crowd-based approaches, encouraging wide collective participation in the constitution of societies and their activities (Prpic & Shukla, 2013).	1
This study examines whether there are some general trends across subject fields regarding the factors affecting the number of citations of articles, focusing especially on those factors that are not directly related to the quality or content of articles (extrinsic factors).	1
To the author's knowledge, comparing databases in the field of chemical engineering has not been reported in the literature thus far.	1
Cambodia is a small agricultural tropical country for which only two small scientometric studies, published five years ago, were available until now.	1
It provides a new perspective on collaboration patterns and geolinguistic distribution in DH, and it raises new questions to be examined in future studies.	1
This article introduces an iterative ranking algorithm based on the direct influence between each pair of a list of journals.	1
Going deeper into the content of the selected articles, it was possible to develop broader categories in terms of the addressed topic, with several topics being frequently prominent.	0
This study generates important contributions to hospitality management literature and represents one of the first published attempts to explore the social structure of hospitality management literature via authorship and co-authorship analysis.	1
A set of algorithms are further proposed for main path exploration and extraction directly from cyclic networks based on a novel data structure main path tree.	1
Some of the local, national and international drivers and enablers that ensure the establishment and survival of the institutional repositories are identified.	1
Received: 11 May 2022 / Accepted: 1 February 2023 / Published online: 20 February 2023	0
This paper contributes to the existing literature by comparing traditional impact indicators of scientific work with Facebook likes as an alternative impact indicator on a theoretical and empirical basis.	1
The synchronous self-citation rate for this one article is therefore 27.3%.	0
3, the upper half contains journals from the Earth sciences (‘Geosciences’, ‘Oceanography’ and ‘Meteorology’).	0
Thus, the similarity network using paths with a length of two should be equivalent to BC and CC networks.	0
The relevant contribution of this research is that heterogeneity is presented as a determinant to achieve better scientific production in Latin American business and management schools, and constitutes a feature pursued by most schools in the region to gain legitimacy in reputation and scientific performance.	1
A contribution of this study is that we connect gender differences during the early career (i.e., the years after thesis completion) with performance differences during the doctoral education.	1
Received February 17, 2009; Accepted May 19, 2009; Published June 18, 2009	0
Therefore, we argue that, aside from facilitating data sharing, platforms could have an auxiliary function in informing research programs that investigate the data sharing and research process itself (“meta-research”).	1
Ethical approval for the study was waived, as the study did not involve human subjects.	0
The aim of this study is to suggest a new approach to the journal impact factor on a wider scale, i.e., from the viewpoint of citing journals.	1
In simple terms, different techniques have been proposed to deal with entity problems, without a simple and direct solution.	0
This could not be confirmed as the interaction of age and accumulated experience is not significant.	0
This research was supported in part by grants to Hagstrom from the National Science Foundation.	0
This paper shows that, depending on the writing complexity in determining article importance, scientific communication in some research fields exhibits accessibility-salient equilibria in which scholars are most attentive to accessibility and less sensitive to article importance.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Through MST, we identified network paths from small but highly dense networks.	1
Received August 1, 2011; Accepted August 19, 2011; Published September 22, 2011	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
This study's evaluation of the variously tagged F1000 papers provided interesting insights into the use of research papers by different user groups.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:451335 []	0
This article uses a new approach to investigate whether gendered citation differentials may have influenced the rate at which academic specialisms attract women, with a focus on six large mainly English-speaking countries.	1
This study is the first attempt to analyse the relationship between ISM and ISC.	1
To simplify visual presentation, these tail nodes do not appear in the nets.	0
Blogs may provide a window into science in the making, yet this study shows that blogs confound categorization as permanent or ephemeral scholarly communication.	1
Standard error bars are based on 10 measurements for "New England Journal of Medicine" and on nine for "Lancet"	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 962 times since 2011*	0
In the next paragraphs, we discuss the methodology used and then go on to present the results of our analysis.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/365598410	0
Using transaction-level data, I am able to examine these effects at a level of granularity that was previously unavailable.	1
The implementation of this technology could further facilitate citation-mention-related research.	1
The prestige or quality of the departments in these studies were assessed by panels of raters or by the research output of the faculty.	0
For seven respondents it was not possible to identify whether they were academic physicians or non-academic GPs, so they were not included in the comparisons between the two groups.	0
To the best of the author's knowledge, these and other types of RQs have not yet been investigated.	1
This paper advances the debate on scholarly publishing and the role of bibliometric indices in evaluating authors and their research, through a theoretical discussion and an empirical case study focused on economics and the impact factor.	1
This study provides an overview of the characteristics of articles with Spain in the address field, with or without FA.	1
The bidirectional flow within one knowledge organization has thus far not been explored.	1
Our findings make important contributions in terms of their policy implications.	1
We show that a simple rank-transform of the resulting vector of the absolute deviation of cited references within RPYS analyses makes them amenable to comparative evaluation.	1
The claim of novelty and comprehensiveness of this study is based on the combined use of various previously reported approaches to describe and quantify the skewness of the citation distribution in a large dataset comprising a total of 982 journals.	1
Number of papers on electricity (n) and of their authors (N), in PT (1665 – 1800): n solid line, N- dotted line	0
Our categorization approach suggests appropriateness, as we found increasing abstract acceptance for each successive level of prestige, regardless of whether it was categorized by 5 levels or 3 levels (as presented), during both open and blinded review.	0
In addition to the traditional analysis, we also present a citation network analysis, based on the references used in PICMET papers, that highlights the body of knowledge brought to the PICMET attendees.	1
An important contribution of this study is its focus on understanding the effects of specialized user facilities.	1
This study adds to the literature by focusing on developments in citation concentration at the author level, which, according to our results, have been on the rise.	1
We propose a set of concrete actions that stakeholders (eg, scientists, peer-reviewers, journal editors) might take in the near-term, and that research funders, citation management systems, and databases and search engines might take in the longer term to limit the impact of retracted primary studies on evidence syntheses.	1
The AAS is a relatively new method of determining an article's impact, being created only a few years after Twitter (2006) and other social media platforms had begun to gain popularity.	1
The paper does not present analyses at the level of individual institutions.	0
Once the importance of diversification also in scientific production is verified, in order to assess quantitatively the comparative advantage of scientific diversification we use a novel approach [6, 7] based on coupled non-linear maps, whose fixed point defines a metric for the scientific fitness of nations (i.e., the competitiveness of their research systems) and for the complexity of scientific domains.	1
It is worth noting that this bibliometric overview provides a general picture of state-of-the-art computer science research in recent decades according to the research in the Web of Science.	1
To address these gaps, this paper offers an empirical study of the individual and collective practices of interdisciplinarity at two research centers constituted mainly by social scientists and humanities researchers.	1
On the one hand, order-effect bias should not occur in self-administered surveys.	0
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
Due to such changes in the extent of literature available to pediatric nursing researchers and its ease of access, the purpose of the present study was to update Taylor's findings and to investigate the library resources most frequently used by today's pediatric nurse researchers.	1
Figure 1 is reproduced from the top panel on page 2 of Hatch and Schmidt, 2021.	0
This study reports the largest and most systematic analysis so far, of 172,752 articles in 29 large journals chosen from different specialisms.	1
It is known that possible errors do not influence the results significantly (Erman and Todorovski 2015).	0
Overlap of records retrieved using different queries for Web of Science records between 2002 and 2017 (G, Gl?nzel topic, 35 595; T, New topic set, 8512; A, Address set, 4068; J, Journal set, 2477).	0
However, the degree to which retraction of an author's paper affects his or her own subsequent research productivity has not been quantified.	1
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Newbury Park and New Delhi), Vol.	0
Table 2 Number and percentage of the researchers using a publication type within 4 years	0
The number refers to the sections of the guide (see main text).	0
3 AIDS was first reported to the scientific literature in 1983.	0
To provide a dynamic perspective on the evolution of Mendeley readership, this study conducts an 8-year longitudinal analysis of approximately 3.4 million scholarly papers published in 2015.	1
Notes: The dependent variables are the RAE2008 grade point averages for outputs, the research environment and esteem in the first, second and third panels, respectively.	0
For the analysis of in-text citation frequency, we segregated the papers into different groups depending upon the value (number of occurrences) of in-text citations.	0
These attributes have streamlined the dynamic analysis of research topics and specialties and have further complemented co-occurrence-based studies.	1
This is the first study to examine the global scientific discussion on mental health during the pandemic to pay attention to the corresponding author.	1
Le Wang is an Assistant Professor of Economics and Finance at Xi'an Jiaotong University, China.	0
1 With Hydrogen technology we mean here producing and storing Hydrogen for use together with Fuel Cells.	0
Table 1 shows the number of sources and the number of cited cases.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
These empirical advances allow us to test a long-theorized relationship that has never been tested empirically: how the type of novelty affects the nature of scientific influence.	1
Proportion of documents associated with a DOI published by each journal	0
In the course of time this forum of Parliament has gained considerable importance.	0
It also shows that the agreements are most effective in regions where there is adequate funding, high research output and a willingness from institutions to engage collectively (through consortium agreements).	1
This paper builds on Br?uninger and Haucap (2003) and analyzes the results of a recent survey among German speaking economists (see Br?uninger et al.	1
This study provides an insight on journals' adherence to current recommendations in scientific publishing.	1
Furthermore, there is little research that investigates the state of citation indexes in non-English speaking countries.	1
Since the start of century, perhaps interdisciplinary research and multidisciplinary collaboration are becoming a new tendency in sciences, which presents an opportunity for further research.	0
Therefore, this paper aims at filling this gap by examining two new country-level factors that might impact the research performance of nations in the accounting and management domains which are education quality and internet access in school.	1
Our findings could be used as a basis to further understand the relation between the quality in the reporting of research and scientific impact, and foster new discussions on how to fairly acknowledge studies for performing well with respect to the emphasized research quality.	1
From the Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center, Bronx, New York.	0
Additional suggestions and criticisms from Félix de Moya, Jochen Gl?ser, Catalina Martinez and two anonymous reviewers that helped to improve the final version are acknowledged.	0
6 Mechanical and vascular subject categories, integration and diffusion scores 1970–2005	0
Here we provide an innovative methodology to explore these dynamics and analyse the way different entrants in these challenges, from academia to tech giants, behave and react depending on their own or others' achievements.	1
It is important to note that the Roose-Andersen study is several years old and does not reflect possible shifting in rank position.	0
There are manuals, handbooks, policies, government documents, reports, newspapers interviews, etc.	0
The identification of these heuristics does not detract from the confirmation of a marked and pervasive peer consensus.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ulca20	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The results indicate that the article citation median and review citation median overcome several concerns that have been raised about the JIF and seem to provide enhanced objectivity as an indicator of journal impact in publishing original research and reviews.	1
Downloaded by Eastern Michigan University At 00:44 17 October 2017 (PT)	0
Zheng Liang: Conceived and designed the analysis; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
In this study we identify the origins or historical roots of the Higgs boson research from the perspective of the cited references within the publications of this research field using the segmented regression analysis in the RPYS for the first time.	1
In this article, we propose a broad range of actual bibliometric indicators and make step-by-step evaluation of the research potential of a Russian university and its departments.	1
Journal publishing platforms offer opportunities for automating the gathering and presenting of relevant data for assessing journal adherence to scholarly standards.	1
In this paper, a new approach for calculating Journal Influence Score (JIS) is proposed.	1
Moreover aimed to clarify practical suggestion for promotion of participation of women in HR, the main findings of review and qualitative steps analyzed in specific expert panel and extracted findings listed as the main proposed solution for better approach in HR functions.	1
A new comparison of institutions can be started by clicking on “Clear selection”.	0
Publication MWG Ref- Journal Publication # of citations from Ratio of early Included?	0
Fortunately, scientific peers were not used to evaluate the process; but any estimate of the total expenditure of time must come to perhaps one more year of one scientist's work for each grant made.	0
More importantly, we also designed a series of evaluative measurements—including the participation degree, contribution degree, cooperation degree, and co-authorship degree—based on the characteristics of the system.	1
Supplementary material associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:10.1016/j.joi.2024.101564.	0
Furthermore, the relationship of the scientometric indices to socioeconomic indices and disease burden of dementia of each SEA country were determined.	1
Here, these quantitative measures are supplemented by qualitative ones from WTEC assessments and by survey results of scientists and the public, which present a more nuanced conclusion.	1
To address these questions, we have proposed an approach that detects the FoS trend of an individual author in his/her career years by characterizing the relations between his/her publications and citations.	1
This paper fills a gap in this literature by focusing on the relationship between the advisors' gender and the academic outcomes of PhD students in science.	1
A second design where assigned referees scrutinize a manu- script, but a separately appointed associate editor detremines peer review stringency; and	0
In this paper, we propose an integrated model for exploring the subject macrostructure of a specific academic topic on the Web and automatically depicting the knowledge map that is closer to what a domain expert would expect.	1
When speaking about science here, I do not mean solely basic research.	0
It has to be said that simple observation of the figures shows that for all the countries, the impact on the collaboration papers per domestic paper is fairly large, although the collaboration papers have a greater impact on the domestic papers than vice versa.	0
However the aim of the current work is not to investigate further into the issues of if	0
who received 519 citations for 8 publications while Li Y., Schnurer A.	0
To our understanding, this is the first time that a bibliometric evaluation of the literature related to cardiac troponin in sports science has been carried out.	1
Our study presents a detailed list and analysis of the 100 most cited articles published about lung cancer screening which provides insight into the historical developments and key contributions in this field.	1
It is less a narrative history than a history of the present, developed within the field of higher education studies, that interprets science in China using global social theory, which combines political economy and cultural factors.	1
NYT referencing is invisible both to communities examining referencing and to those looking at the relationship between media and science.	1
The Second Prize for the 2018–2019 Contest of Measuring Tech Emergence with a similar framework makes clear that it is feasible to identify emerging research topics with our methodology.	1
an important contribution of this paper is that it investigates the factors associated with collaboration in the social sciences.	1
That said, all the highlighted observations have a crucial caveat: there is no certainty that these nations will not witness the spread of the COVID-19 virus from time to time (BBC, 20 May 2021).	0
This study, therefore, aims to serve as a pilot for similar legal studies in future as well as address this lacuna in our legal scholarship.	1
The works, which serve as a bridge between areas in the field of mythology, are areas of sociology, folklore and politics that are strongly cited in many joint areas.	1
Based on Simmelian Ties analysis, we suggest that Management Science meets these criteria based on direct cross-citations, with four other journals meeting them with two-step connections.	1
Inspired by this, a framework for an inventor collaboration recommendation system with high usability and capability to recommend collaborations for inventors at all stages of career is conceived for the first time according to the best of our knowledge.	1
A complementary criterion of fractional authorship helps to remedy this issue and improves the metrics.	1
As examples, the citation distributions for 1974 papers in the subfields of physiology and botany are	0
We thank Dr Frank Evans for his assistance with the IMPAC II (Information for Management Planning Analysis and Coordination) data collection.	0
The working hypotheses and the procedure used are described in Appendix A.	0
This finding highlights the drawback of traditional wisdom of a researchers' need to “stand on the shoulder of giants” for success, and the importance of working with other researchers at different stages of their scientific careers.	1
However, the health of academia itself involves more than the economic health of publishing.	1
This paper provides some theoretical and practical implications for future research.	1
In particular, we propose scientific celebrity as a new typology in the current research stream on the micro-foundation of strategy.	1
The means and standard deviations of the measures, based on only those who applied for federal research support during the past five years, reported in Table A of the Appendix.	0
2 This article has been cited more than 400 times on Google Scholar.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Data Availability Statement: The data presented in this study are available on request from the corresponding author.	0
This study demonstrated the novelty of utilizing betweenness centrality to differentiate authors with identical names in bibliometric analyses, a concept that has not been explored previously in the literature.	1
Values of examined indices were presented as mean ± standard deviation (SD) unless otherwise indicated.	0
This study aimed to fill this void by examining the global landscape and trends surrounding insulin resistance RCTs.	1
Our research fills this important gap by documenting the academic geographic mobility and inbreeding patterns and by exploring the relationship with the associated research productivity.	1
CH: Switzerland; DE: Germany; NL: the Netherlands; UK: United Kingdom; US: the United States.	0
Step 4: The final report was generated as a portable document format file.	0
In our study, we show that of the 367 original articles, radiologists were the first authors in 280 (76.3%) articles, followed by neurosurgeons (27, 7.4%) and neurologists (26, 7.1%).	1
This prototype demonstrates the effectiveness of utilizing an automated tool to support academic integrity in individual subjects, and this could be extended for further impact across a department or university.	1
Graduate School of Library and Information Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL 61820-6211.	0
Valuable assistance and/or comments are also greatly acknowledged from the Statistical Analysis Unit (CCHS), and from María Bordons, Javier Aparicio, Borja González-Albo and two anonymous reviewers.	0
The article compares the practice of peer review with its replacement, the peer review of myth.	1
The authors have no financial or personal interests in products mentioned in the manuscript or any other conflicts of interest.	0
Competing Interests: The author has declared that no competing interests exist.	0
In Section 4 the experimental results are discussed, and finally the conclusions and future work are presented in the Section 5.	0
Nevertheless, the current study can be considered as a seminal example of how the factor structure of a new scale can be explored using the powerful technique of ESEM in the area of academic cheating research.	1
Funding Statement: The author(s) received no specific funding for this study.	0
We delete the edges whose weights are fewer than 3 and the isolated nodes.	0
This manuscript expands the notion of academic entrepreneurship to encapsulate scholars who consider taking intellectual risks by manipulating bibliometrics to build and ultimately sustain superior research performance, potentially at the expense of producing valid knowledge.	1
The terminology used in this paper refers to the country-specific educational system.	0
To this purpose, in this work we propose a new co-citation based approach.	1
A full account of the methodology used in this study may be found in Hood (1998, Chapter 4).	0
Our approach stands in stark contrast to previous research.	1
Temporal trends in source normalized impact per paper (SNIP) values for the three top-ranking nursing journals were analyzed and compared to explore whether predicting future SNIP values based on trend analysis could be an innovative service provided by librarians.	1
(2010) this study offers the thematic evolution of KMRP articles through clusters formed using bibliographic coupling and network analysis.	1
This study makes several contributions to both theory and practice in this field.	1
Here a mathematical approach is applied to demonstrate that, with reference to actual citation counts, the use of the JIF to decide which of two papers has more merit for an academic appointment or project funding, in many cases, carries an inadmissible probability of taking a wrong decision.	1
Regarding how the author's optimal provision of research information should change with the reviewer's type, we showed that authors should provide more information to reviewers with more favorable initial valuation toward the research.	1
In contrast, the frequencies of adjectives and adverbs were calculated separately in our study.	1
The initiative represents one approach to educate and provide guidance to ECRs on the benefits and issues associated with multidisciplinary research.	1
This paper makes the contribution to provide a knowledge map of the journal TRANSPORT's research domain to help researchers learn this journal and transport-related issues clearly and directly.	1
and D.?.; data curation, E.B.; writing—original draft preparation, E.B.; writing— review and editing, E.B., R.R., D.?.	0
An empirical question is then to know if these publishing habit variables explain and replace the cohort effects.	0
We Xeroxed copies of these two indecisive reviews, excluding journal identification, and asked six psychologists (all of whom serve as editorial consultants or editors) how they would rate the manuscript in question, on the basis of these referees' comments alone.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
Table 8 Correlates of the online video impact at video level	0
The views expressed are those of the authors and do not reflect the views of the John Templeton Foundation.	0
Larson is professor of therapeutic and pharmaceutical research and associate dean for research, Columbia University School of Nursing, New York, New York, and professor of epidemiology, Mailman School of Public Health, Columbia University, New York, New York.	0
Concerns have been raised by the Australian Medical Association regarding the decline of clinical academics in Australia as a whole, however, such trends in scholarly output have not previously been analysed for Australasian dermatologists.	1
All routines are available as supplementary material with running examples and brief instructions.	0
We have developed a publicly available suite of Web-based tools designed to the aggregation of reviewers' rankings into a consensus ordering using the maximum likelihood rule.	1
This research was supported by a Veterans Administration Merit Review Grant, MRIS 1416 (Dr.	0
Despite the significant increase in the number of article retractions in health research, evidence for the characteristics of such phenomenon remains sparse in the literature.	1
The left-hand panel in Table 4 shows the results of this approach for conference papers, while the right-hand panel shows the results for journal articles.	0
The latter is more theoretical than the former, and it conveys more emphasis on symbolic representation (as opposed to raw empiricism) than is true in Biglan's papers.	0
Ethical approval: The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine's institutional review board approved this study.	0
These results add legitimacy to previous concerns regarding the future of BSR in CT surgery,2 especially because these trainees represent the next generation of academic surgeons and because the pervasive loss of laboratory research training may be indicative of a declining presence of the surgeon-scientist.1	1
Contrary to what a generous vision could expect, this 'internationalization' has not led to a real rise in the relative visibility of those peripheral contributions even in the references of the researchers from those countries.	1
The high performance of high impact research prediction using our proposed models show that machine learning technologies are promising algorithms that can support funding decision-making for medical research.	1
The displayed information for each article consisted of the article title, journal title, publication year, abstracts, and citation count.	0
Otherwise put: it is not simply the quantity of citations that matters, but the quality.	0
A neutral, comprehensive, modern, quantitative approach guided by academic librarians is proposed, including closeness to applicants, anonymity of their identities in the reports, contextualization (academic age, gender, and discipline) of data, usage of relative non-central values with indication of thresholds, and incorporation of new bibliometric and non-bibliometric sources.	1
+Marc Raynaud, Valentin Goutaudier and Kevin Louis have contributed equally to the article as first authors.	0
German political science publications do not have a strongly locally-oriented impact, except for the publications in German.	1
These limitations notwithstanding, we believe that our dynamic systematic overview is a useful resource for novice researchers and research-oriented practitioners in academic publishing.	1
His current research interests include: science and innovation economics, statistics and econometrics.	0
The current paper aims to be one of the first attempts at a holistic analysis of the marine biodiversity field by drawing on the idea of “world-building” as developed by (Callon et al., 1986), which we use as a conceptual framework to study the dynamics of scientific fields through a bibliometric analysis of scientific texts.	1
This separation allows us to examine the results of the preferential attachment rules without confounding these with growth in the number of articles available to receive citations.	1
Our much larger sample adds value to this research field and helps to explain why some of our results differ substantially from previous studies.	1
Other recent work has sought to extract more information from citation records than is afforded by simple citation counts (e.g., Wang et al., 2013; Hutchins et al., 2016).	0
One of the most striking features to emerge from our analysis is that in the separating equilibrium of the real-life scenario, the high-ability editor does not send the paper to external peer reviewers and issues a desk-decision consistent with their private signal about the manuscript's quality instead, whereas the low-ability editor sends the manuscript out to external review regardless of their private signal.	1
We also argue that the research environment would be more likely to be enhanced if the number of outputs submitted in future was an average of two and a maximum of four per academic, rather than the maximum of five currently being considered.	1
The present study is useful for having a comprehensive overview of the state of text mining in the area of management.	1
Hence, there seem to be disciplinary differences in the usefulness of Mendeley readership counts as impact indicators for conference papers, even between fields for which conferences are important.	1
This is to showcase that quantitative techniques can be used to derive meaningful (qualitative) evaluations and characterizations of journals as opposed to ranking journals.	1
The results of this study will add to the body of the GC literature and this is perhaps one of the first studies to test the efficacy of less prominent GCs in co-authorship networks.	1
Twitter Follow Elizabeth Moylan at @latwec and Maria Kowalczuk at @Maria_ Kowalczuk	0
We also find that the role of foreign academics in the Japanese higher education is one of national and international gatekeepers being this role shaped by where the doctorate was obtained (Japan vs abroad).	1
The potential can be regarded as a kind of monitoring applied by social users who feel responsible and show sensitivity towards the quality of science, though they may be scarce in number and selectively react to some papers.	1
CONTACT Basudev Mohanty basudev@iopb.res.in; basudev_mohanty@rediffmail.com Department of Atomic Energy, Institute of Physics, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751005, India.	0
The scientific paper is currently a snapshot of a data landscape.	1
The definitions of green and gold open access used in this case report follow, e.g., [2,3].	0
Previous scholars explored the content and disciplinary breakdowns of IR holdings; however, these studies often exclude the creative output of the arts, especially performing arts.	1
The gender lens enriches the study by focusing attention on the differential impact of practices of individual performance assessments on women and men.	1
1 Wenzhou Medical College, Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China, 2 Department of Land, Air and Water Resources, University of California Davis, Davis, California, United States of America	0
The E-index, enabled by the concept of equivalent time, is our prime methodological innovation.	1
These features of the Brazilian scientific community suggest that academic genealogical graphs could offer information that would not be available from co-authorship graphs.	1
“behavioral”), which has implications for the common notion that productivity expectations should be different for the sub-fields.	1
All relevant data are within the manuscript and its Supporting Information files.	0
He has consulted to a number of public and private sector organizations.	0
The results of this study contribute to the role of online availability in the diffusion of science (Evans, 2008; McCabe & Snyder, 2015).	1
Flow-chart showing the selection process of articles included in the study.	0
This study provides a compressive ML framework to predict the emerging research trends in an innovative way.	1
Regardless, this study boasts the strengths of a broad diversity in resident complement size, number, and longevity of faculty, and program research curricula.	1
This work was supported by the Russian Foundation for Humanities, project no.	0
In this way, we can construct a more relevant and abundant keyword network from a small set of initial keywords.	1
Second, we propose a conceptual framework covering a comprehensive set of indicators for measuring citation features.	1
To convert this estimate into a more policy-relevant number, I do the following.	0
The lack of systematic investigation of the emerging marine biodiversity field and the temporal and spatial specificities of global and regional dynamics of the field is the starting point of this paper.	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
This is perhaps one of the most interesting findings as the percentage of females in the first author position in ABME?	1
He is a member of the freshwater sciences committee of DIVERSITAS.	0
Burgess and Shaw (2010) used the 2008 list for their database and so did we.	0
Figure 3 The life of the ten most frequently top-cited articles in 2011 in chemical engineering field	0
LAQV/REQUIMTE, Departamento de Ciências Dos Computadores, Faculdade de Ciências, Universidade Do Porto, Rua Do Campo Alegre, 4169-007 Porto, Portugal	0
Based on the available information, there is no scholarly research conducted on the interaction between semiconductors and renewable energy production, so this investigation is the first and pioneering study in this domain.	1
Our objective is to capture the degree of globalization of international business research.	0
However, little is known about publishers on social media, or more specifically their role as publicity agents on Twitter.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 7 times since 2018*	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare they have no other conflicts of interest.	0
The rest of the paper is organized as follows: presentation of data and research methods and tools; reporting of the findings from the knowledge evolutionary analysis, co-word analysis, and sudden word analysis of the cloud health care literature; and a discussion of the implications to cloud health care research.	0
However, the lack of representation of library science and librarianship in literature indicates a research bias due to the preset methodology parameters, which are commonly based on impact factor scores in the Journal Citation Report of Thomson Reuters.	1
However, this is the first time the social structure approach has been used to rank journals.	1
In Figure 1 the data of the two years are shown together; in Table 1 the data of the two years were treated independently and the results were then added together.	0
Such studies are not common in the field of neurosurgery.	1
An overview of all journal abbreviations is provided in the Appendix.	0
This is an expected result as per these fields' publication and co-authorship frequency patterns.	0
Department of Information Management, Nanjing University of Science and Technology, Nanjing 210094, China	0
*Dedicated to Dr Eugene Garfield, scientometricist par excellence, on his 75th birthday.	0
So, it fills a gap in the literature when it tries to differentiate the effects between pure endogamy and mobility in a very interesting setting.	1
We thank John Anderson, Dave Mandy, Craig MacPhee, Peter Mueser, Peter Orazem, Mike Podgursky, Jim Schmidt, and Joe Sicilian for assisting us in the collection of certain data.	0
Whereas previous research has focused on research of risk factors for research misconduct (Krstic 2015), there is still a lack of qualitative research on the ways to improve responsible conduct of research.	1
Therefore, we propose a bibliometric analysis of ED in SM to comprehensively map the landscape of this research field.	1
The bi-layer network proposed in this study is expected to provide such insights by characterizing both the technologies and the entities involved in their development.	1
Following bibliographic traditions, this manuscript addresses this gap by providing a comprehensive overview of the knowledge creation dynamics of TFSC's SIs.	1
We will demonstrate the surplus of this additional option and its possible extension to more than two dimensions in the Results section below.	0
If the search query does not contain any known entities, a blank page is returned, as there is no information about this query.	0
We anticipate that this correlation might be even better among the related fields.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
We would argue, aware of and reading each other's literature more than are those within the disconnected silos shown here.	0
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
*No current impact factor as the journal was renamed International Journal of Rheumatic Diseases in 2008	0
A changing trend is observed in literature, and new dimensions are going to explore based on scientometrics analysis.	0
For each article we recorded all acknowledged internal and external funding.	0
Our study differs from Bohannon's study in two other key areas.	1
The study makes a significant contribution to the context of Romania's railway transport market by understanding the pro-sustainable behaviour of young Romanian representatives of Generation Z towards train travel.	1
In the present work, we present a bibliometric analysis of the scientific productivity in neurosciences in main five Latin American countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico) and we discuss key elements for the consolidation of neurosciences research in Latin America.	1
* p < 0.05, ** p < 0.01, *** p < 0.001	0
Through a detailed discussion about the issues concerning this approach, especially deriving the "de-preprinted" main paths for the original network, this article proposes an alternative solution with two-fold contributions.	1
In doing so, authors are offered empirical evidence and insights into why papers that have a high impact not only differ from unsuccessful papers in terms of content, but also their structure.	1
Although previous studies have found evidence of favouritism in funding in various European countries, "I was surprised that the phenomenon has been recorded at a level as high as the ERC grants", says Giovanni Abramo, the technology research director at the National Research Council (CNR) of Italy in Rome.	1
This alternative data source reveals additional research to that found in the bibliometric databases and provides insights into publication and collaboration patterns.	1
The present study contributes to existing research and is the first comprehensive study to analyse scientific collaboration in the field of strategic management between the US and European countries in the last twenty five years by utilising co-authors' affiliations in scientific journals as an indicator.	1
Since most of these studies used only simple metrics, which were not field-normalized, or restricted to single journals, a study considering advanced bibliometric indicators on a larger scale is needed.	1
The interested reader is invited to examine the results in more detail at http://www.ludowaltman.nl/unified_approach/.	0
We would like to thank two anonymous referees for their helpful suggestions.	0
The wine regions are located in temperate climates on the slopes of mountains and valleys.	0
To advance beyond the existing isolated mono-dimensional studies and arrive at a more integrated and nuanced reflection of the IS field's intellectual and social dimensions and their mutual synergy, we propose knowledge network infrastructure (KNI) analysis as a multidimensional approach.	1
For the past three recent years (2015, 2016, 2017) the frequency of retractions increased.	0
The comprehensive questionnaire used in this study provided an up-to-date reflection of the current conditions of pre-graduate research.	1
The implications of these findings for future theory development and the generation of context relevant international management knowledge are discussed.	0
In contrast to previous studies in the STEM fields that refer to limited data records, our method provides a more general approach with reduced limitations.	1
Rob Brown for his comments on the first draft of this paper.	0
We propose seven heuristic rules to help dealing with authorship issues in citizen science:	1
We take a different tack, comparing authors with themselves across time.	1
Note that in the Figs 4 and 5 the bars are calculated on the basis of the absolute numbers of gained/lost citations, and the sum over the fields corresponds to the relative national loss/win in Fig.	0
Received 4 January 2022; Received in revised form 8 September 2022; Accepted 16 November 2022	0
Additionally, this work presents a global ranking of countries in terms of computer science.	1
Research Group VorTIC3, Universidad Rey Juan Carlos, C/Tulipán s/n, 28933 Móstoles, Madrid, Spain	0
This should also be emphasized that equal (1/x) assignment of authorship to each co-author is not the only and not necessarily the best method of fractional counting of the authorship.	0
Received 22 February 2021; Received in revised form 10 July 2021; Accepted 21 July 2021	0
We do not show the same analysis for informal collaboration, since only six percent of the respondents answered "to a large degree" on this alternative.	0
While there are promising indications that blog discourse may provide an alternative or complementary form of public peer review within certain communities, this case study highlights the complicated nature negotiating the propriety of intellectual practices.	1
In the last row, the figures in the column represent the total influence experienced by the main area of knowledge.	0
This is the first study to establish a relationship between search engine query data and business performance and position data.	1
As a side-result, we also produce a new proof for the main result of Chambers and Miller (2014).	1
To our knowledge, no research tried to analyze the effect of scientific relatedness on the citation impact.	1
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
Additional services and information for Journal of Information Science can be found at:	0
Ruben Miranda: Concieved and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
Our first analysis was conducted with the total sample; we then re-ran the models in each discipline to compare the effects of each predictor on research publication across disciplines.	0
We turn to Figure 2 to check the sanity of the topics.	0
A simple, scalable, and economical way to track publications from research groups and their metrics would address this challenge.	1
The authors are very grateful for the insightful comments and suggestions of the anonymous reviewers and Associate Editor Jonas ?aparauskas, which have helped to significantly improve this article.	0
The authors thank Justin Calvin Schaefer for English proofreading and an anonymous reviewer for helpful comments.	0
Received July 28, 2018, and accepted for publication, after revision August 21, 2018.	0
Note that the aim of keyword clustering is to provide a framework for keyword comparison, so we choose manual clustering instead of using automatic clustering algorithms to achieve a better clustering result.	0
Number of articles in the field of orthopedics in USA, Japan and China	0
Note: AMRC = Association of Medical Research Charities; NHS = National Health Service; MRC = Medical Research Council; HEFCs = Higher Education Funding Councils; Pharma ind’y = pharmaceutical industry	0
competitive funding, ex ante assessment, peer review, research evaluation, scientific thinking	0
(A) Distribution of the percentage of papers in the érudit database, by departments' discipline (in decreasing order) and type of university.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-018-2887-3) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
However, the influence and role of the organisation on research misconduct in academic institutions is rarely highlighted or discussed in these studies.	1
The results obtained at document level, combining language and research area, differ from journal-level analysis and from the average values of aggregate data, even at the same document level.	1
To achieve our research goals, we developed an open source code framework to analyze data from several large-scale datasets containing >120 million publications, with 528 million references and 35 million authors, since the beginning of the 19th century (see Results of Author Trends section).	1
1 Universidade Federal de S?o Paulo, Escola Paulista de Enfermagem, S?o Paulo, SP, Brazil.	0
The aim of this work is to propose a multivariate stochastic model for measuring the performance of individual scientists and to compare the results of its application with those arising from a deterministic approach.	1
Sampling range of the electronic academic journal databases in Chinese-speaking regions.	0
Our analysis also offers a methodological extension of this idea by creating a shared institutional affiliations index as a generalized measure of overlap in institutional affiliations.	1
Authors, publishers, and databases will need collaborate to come up with a solution to this issue.	1
To conclude, our results challenge the frequently narrow focus on the retracted publications.	1
However, there is no paper focusing on analyzing the ESI-HCPs in OR/MS.	1
Acknowledgements I thank Jay Bhattacharya, Bruce Weinberg, Partha Bhattacharyya, Richard Freeman, Horatiu Rus, Joel Blit, David Autor, Larry Smith and Peter Tu for discussions.	0
This would be a great opportunity to redefine the role of libraries and promote the figure of embedded librarians45: a hybrid professional researcher/librarian who does not try to teach information literacy skills using guides but rather solves things directly 46.	1
This study provides an opportunity to advance our knowledge of the relationship between scientific mobility and scientific output by revealing the causality between them.	1
We observe a reduction in user effort for manual document verification when the citation-based document similarity is visualized with a PDS prototype implementing CbPD.	1
The main purpose of the current study is to elucidate the evolution of author collaboration and co-authorship network in the SM field by using evaluative and relational (co-authorship) bibliometrics methods, providing details on their meanings and representations in the methodology section.	1
The Spanish upgrade on scientific output and its international collaboration index for the recent years,7 as well as the incorporation of the Eastern European countries to multinational scientific cooperation programs, seems to be one of the most reliable causes of these increasing relationships.	0
Formerly known as (Microsoft) Live Search until May 28, 2009, and as MSN Search until September 2006.	0
In the final paragraph we present our conclusions and provide suggestions for further research.	0
The proposition provides perspective on the conjecture by Friedman that inferior paradigms will necessarily be abandoned, even if scientific tests have low power (ref.	1
A webometric analytical approach to track scientific software use and interest has been proposed in this work.	1
Received: 8 January 2024 / Accepted: 4 July 2024 / Published online: 22 July 2024	0
We conclude that the three measures of scientific merit considered here are poor; in particular subjective assessments are an error-prone, biased, and expensive method by which to assess merit.	1
The evaluation in this study of the F1000 papers with various tags has provided interesting insights into the use of research papers by various user groups, which have not always agreed with the previously formulated expectations.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by UNIVERSITY OF WESTERN CAPE	0
Up till now, no studies have discussed in the literature the role of publications in the reward structure of Korean academics.	1
It shows how institutional infrastructures can enable effective journal publishing.	1
Overlap between Journals Indexed in 2019 CNRS Classification and 2019 WoS Core Collection Database.	0
Therefore, the original contribution of this study is to utilize this technical possibility and distinguish library holdings across print and electronic collections and provide a comparison of availability of books in libraries with a broad range of other book indicators.	1
Therefore, ICTsR-WA is proposed as an interactive teaching tool that allows students to explore and govern their emotions through a didactic sequence with original activities that seek to strengthen creativity, communication skills, teamwork, and tolerance through three work units that enhance self-awareness, emotional management, and social awareness [12].	1
For space considerations we do not present these full results here, but are happy to provide them upon request.	0
Evolution of the FT List of Selected Journals from FT40 to FT45 to FT50.	0
Note: There is a general increase in the citations for all the nine selected journals.	0
Here, this paper employs the complex network theory to delve into the dynamic evolution of structural characteristics in the HHW trade from a systemic perspective.	1
More concern is about the rankings of top 10% papers (selected by the standardised citation count) for two indicators, as shown in Fig.	0
In each of these three sections we refer to the research questions formulated before.	0
*These are “younger” journals with less than 10 years of publication prior to 1980, the beginning of the period studied.	0
Acknowledgements This study is an output of the institutionally funded research at the University of South Bohemia, Faculty of Economics, Department of Accounting and Finance (RVO160).	0
First, the original study was restricted to the social sciences; in this exercise, a much larger sample is employed, encompassing researchers from all fields of science.	1
Unlike previous trend analysis using topic modeling, we incorporate citation count, which can be viewed as the impact of articles, into trend analysis to shed a new light on the understanding of research trends.	1
Our novel focus is on using academic networking sites as a data source or repository in conjunction with the traditional bibliometric databases to assess research activity.	1
1 and 2 may help to clarify and operationalize the differences and tensions between historical developments—as a series of events—and evolutionary dynamics as a series of configurations (probability distributions) in terms of scientometric indicators.	1
We begin by presenting and discussing the results of the profile similarities analysis.	0
Our findings contribute to a more comprehensive understanding of the meaning of different web-based metrics for scholarly impact and provide a basis for evidence-based guidelines on how to use and interpret them.	1
We realize that faculty might choose to take on advisees for reasons other than their potential research ability.	0
Total Cites to Schools and Mean Cites per Senior Professor at Comparison Schools	0
This paper proposes a weighted generalization of the recently developed Euclidean Index.	1
The model proposed in this article will alleviate the citation bias and help researchers to examine the history of interdisciplinary science domain more accurately.	1
3(b)], it becomes clear that a group of terms lined up along the diagonal originating from 0, which separated the BT/NT dimension and the common term dimension.	0
NP number of publications, NC number of citations, AC average citations by year	0
Nicholas acknowledges the Division of Research and Faculty Development at Harvard Business School for financial support.	0
The significance of this bibliometric analysis is that it is the first time to use the method to obtain global research information in the field of immunotherapy for sepsis.	1
As for the values of h-index, Table 1 shows a summary of the results.	0
Received 7 August 2020; Received in revised form 10 June 2022; Accepted 12 September 2022	0
In fact, the percentage of successes is higher than one might wish from a risk-oriented programme.	1
The methods referred here are not comprehensive, but could be seen as representative of current approaches.	0
Yet, the societal interaction plan approach differs from this policy.	1
Institute for System Analysis and Computer Science, National Research Council of Italy, Viale Manzoni 30, 00185 Rome, RM, Italy	0
We designed our study to explicitly compare whitelisted and blacklisted journals and limited our communication with them.	1
In particular, we argue that a blanket incentive scheme could reinforce a managerial culture in higher education, encourage performative objectification of academics, and jeopardize their agency.	1
Funding This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Most importantly, a key focus of our paper is on the heterogeneity of spillovers based on characteristics of senders and receivers.	1
Author Affiliations: School of Nursing, Beijing University of Chinese Medicine (Ms Hou and Drs Hao and Duan); Nursing Department (Ms Cao), Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Beijing; and School of Nursing, Dalian University (Ms She), China.	0
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
This review could provide a valuable guide for designing future studies.	1
However, papers exploring discipline knowledge structure using ABCA are rare, especially in comparing these two methods to further study authors’ research activity and impact, and especially for analyzing local Chinese IS.	1
First, we presented an overall review of all footprint indexes using bibliometric methods, which was different from previous papers that only explored the single footprint indicator.	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
This paper provides a thorough understanding of how green investments affect corporate sustainability performance by empirically investigating the link between green investments and ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) ratings in 300 Chinese publicly listed firms,.	1
In this regard, this study is the first attempt at using the forward citation approach, which is suitable for elucidating science linkages.	1
This research makes it possible to rank journals according to their estimated impact.	0
The AfJEM is a niche journal that exclusively publishes within this knowledge-poor setting.	1
An s-index will increase the usefulness of the metric upon which it is based, the h-index, by allowing us to look at citation counts from a different, one could say, truer angle.	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
For example, it has one of the larger samples sizes in this area of research and appears to be among the first to examine the profile, impact, and reach of articles in questionable journals authored by researchers in Germany.	1
So, to summarize, we find there are four main challenges in the current model for monitoring open science and research.	1
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
As a novel contribution, this article takes a journal-level approach to assessing the OA citation advantage, whereas many others take a paper-level approach.	1
Total Publishing Output of University of Maryland by Year and Open Access Status.	0
The objective of this study, therefore, is to fill the gap between academic training and scientific knowledge production and to illustrate how science evolves across generations through academic training, by asking (1) how different modes of academic training affect the performance and career prospects of junior scientists, and (2) how senior scientists are incentivized for certain modes of academic training.	1
The paper intends to help scientific authors to make the best choice of journals in which to publish, by describing and comparing journal features in the area of oncology.	1
Based on the topic evolution of LDA and following Rogers’ diffusion model (1962), we further divide the diffusion process of innovation into five phases, as shown in Figure 4b: Testing and Evaluation, Implementation, Improvement, Extending, and Fading.	1
Therefore, it should be noted that, as a result of this shift from commitments to expenditures, figures quoted in the paper will be substantially different from those presented in earlier work.	0
Citation histories of highly cited papers (only papers cited 100 or more times are considered)	0
This is the first randomized controlled trial to show how an TrendMD enhances article saves on Mendeley.	1
Moreover, a simple methodology is presented for re-combining the data on prior collaborations to identify opportunities for new collaborations between faculties.	1
Furthermore, the utility of altmetrics in COVID-19 research has not yet been evaluated.	1
Data sharing statement All additional data were attached in this system.	0
This study applies a panel-structure data set and adopts a broader perspective by evaluating interdisciplinarity across a corpus of publications of individual researchers.	1
This study proposes a new measure of originality building on the network betweenness centrality concept (Borgatti and Everett 2006; Freeman 1979) and measures the originality of a scientific paper based on the directed citation network between its references and subsequent papers citing the focal paper.	1
To the best of our knowledge, the potential substitution effects between pre-print OA and journal OA have so far not been studied in either the initial or the revisionist OA citation literature.	1
The findings presented a unique opportunity to determine the current state of art in STEM librarianship research by using the data gathered from seven prominent STEM library science journals.	1
Wenceslao Arroyo-Machado received an FPU Grant (FPU18/05835) from the Spanish Ministry of Universities.	0
Few studies explored the issues of urban health in a comprehensive manner, and there is still no quantitative study on the overview of this field.	1
Despite the impact of strategic research plans on faculties in veterinary medicine, any characterisation or measurement of the effects of research prioritisation in this area of academia are effectively absent.	1
From the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, Utah; Pregnancy and Perinatology Branch, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland; Department of Family and Preventive Medicine, Public Health Program, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, Utah; and Obstetrics & Gynecology, Salt Lake City, Utah.	0
Principal Components by Country Group a) Africa; b) Asean; c) Asia; d) BRICS; e) Latin America (Abbrevistions in Materials and Methods).	0
Table 1 The number of OA and TA articles in different fields between 2012 and 2015	0
In this paper we have shown for two countries (Germany and the Netherlands), that articles co-authored by researchers in one of these countries are less likely to be among the globally most highly-cited if they also cite "domestic” research (i.e.	1
We found that by including both direct and indirect connections, our closed-system input-output analysis revealed deeper relationships among subfields than could be observed by directly looking at the numbers of citations and publications.	1
1 School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University Bloomington, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA	0
Appendix I and Appendix II are available online at http:// cas.umkc.edu/economics/people/facultyPages/lee/.	0
In the main body of the paper, only the final results are presented.	0
Received 21 June 2017; Received in revised form 15 November 2017; Accepted 17 November 2017	0
The authors regret that in the Data accessibility section, a wrong link to the dataset for full replication of their study was reported.	0
Until now, the WD has not been among the distributions employed to model observed bibliometric data.	1
Instead of cumulative advantage of degree, the model illustrates that the scale-free property of modeled networks arises from the inhomogeneous academic influences of modeled papers.	1
In this article, we introduce the dominance ranking approach that investigates the extent of hierarchy in a given set of objects by examining the extent of intransitivity in the system of interactions.	1
While various journals provide statistics of their own publications, we did not encounter an across-the-board bibliometric analysis of diabetes research.	1
The Pajek formatted data can be found at: http://ella.slis.indiana.edu/~eyan/papers/LIS.net; and the Matlab formatted data can be found at: http://ella.slis.indiana.edu/~eyan/papers/LIS.mat.	0
Table 1 presents a summary of prior studies looking at the determinants of scientific output and impact and their key findings.	0
In summary, this study offers a fresh approach to validating the NoveltyU method through both its computational framework and its application within institutional collaborative patterns.	1
The reference class problem for credit valuation in science is the problem of determining to which of an agent's communities which reference class-credit determinations should be indexed for an act under some state of nature.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:281668 []	0
The problem with this statement is that one does not know the political orientation of those who cited the functionalists.	0
The trend of female first author over time (p < 0.05).	0
Perhaps the most concerning finding in our results is the decline in accuracy of citations between the early 1980s and now (Fig.	1
We propose that the selection of panel members could be informed by some mock assessments.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Among contemporary articles in 4 major cardiovascular journals, open access status is independently associated with higher short-term citation rates.	1
The complete program and video recordings of most presentations are available on the NAS website at www.nasonline.org/modeling_ and_visualizing.	0
The various measures of output from basic research are summarized in an excellent review by Martin and Irvine [4].	0
I am indebted to Carolyn Mullins for editorial assistance and Paul T.	0
The “+1” must prevent the circles from disappearing if the observed ratio is equal to the expected one.	0
A hijacked journal may also confuse authors that cite articles published in it, wrongly assuming that they appeared in an authentic journal (a phenomenon herein called citation infiltration).	1
The contribution of the paper extends beyond studies that focus on author crediting problems, primarily in medical fields, to examine how individual faculty researchers resolve these problems.	1
In this article, we introduce a set of easy-to-implement changes to the manuscript layout that value contribution rather than position.	1
The figures for numbers of scientists in each SDS, averaged over the 3 years under consideration, were obtained from the data base of university research personnel maintained by Cineca (2008), a consortium of Italian universities, on behalf of the Ministry of Universities and Research.	0
The contribution analysis of the countries publications was performed based on the journal articles in which the address and affiliation of at least one author were provided.	0
It extends their studies by using a larger sample, which includes all Danish Economics and Political Science articles published in the period 1980–2014.	1
This information is likely to be more useful, in terms of helping someone form more accurate expectations of the quality of a given article published in a journal, than the information provided by mean citations per article only.	1
The data from previous studies (Table 1) reveal a growth over time in the coverage of citations in GS.	1
One reason why the debate has not been resolved has been a lack of data to measure and compare the relative worth of each publication type.	1
*Corresponding author: Jon Zabala, Centre for Human and Social Sciences (CCHS), Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Madrid, Spain.	0
In essence, both databases were complementary and contributed to giving an updated picture of marine mammals' research in South America.	1
The results are compared to check that they are rational or “make sense” to non-experts.	0
Our paper brought this measurement issue to the study of research inequality among universities.	1
Da-jing Fang, Xu-hui Mao", Ye-ming Zhangb, Si-yu Zhang, Yu- jie Qiaoa and Fu-xing Gana,c	0
In this study we also employ an idea widely used in production economics to investigate the most productive age.	1
What is probably more important is the fact that the collaborations with no non-Africans occurred in disciplines different from those in which non-Africans participated.	1
Nevertheless, our overall results on both the age of conferral of the Nobel Prize and other major scientific recognitions contradict McCann's (2001) precocity-longevity hypothesis, such that early recognition may lead to premature deaths.	1
This paper looks at peer review as a cooperation dilemma through a game-theory framework.	1
The fitting mathematical model might be improved in the future, since the increasing trend in the number of publications might extend beyond what is expected according to the proposed model.	0
The purpose of this study is to contribute to the understanding of the effects of the two different classification systems on bibliometric evaluation, by comparing how groups of productive institutions and groups of productive authors score using each type of classifications.	1
The initial hypothesis that in strong proceedings paper dominant fields the proceeding papers themselves are the main contributor to the impact of the field or, at least, are the major supplier of citations to proceedings papers, does not hold entirely.	1
3At this date, not all issues with publication year 2009 may have been entered into the database.	0
However, for scientific novelty, our findings differ from previous studies by finding a positive U-shaped relationship between the percentage of women scientists and scientific novelty.	1
Runnels is supported by a Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council Doctoral Award and a University of Ottawa Excellence Scholarship.	0
Our study reiterates previously reported researcher concerns toward the adoption of open science practices, and uncovers fresh nuance.	1
This gap in the literature allows us to speculate on two hypotheses, which we introduce and present in this study: the filter-out hypothesis and the hypothesis of the loss of productive demand.	1
Curiously enough, neither a similar survey/16/ which followed, nor the ICSU reports /17-19/ attracted much attention of bib- liometricians or physics analysts except for a few extracts /20-22/ where Czechoslovak figures are not mentioned.	0
This study analyzes the trends and patterns in scientific research on marine mammals in South America, evaluating a pool of bibliometric indicators and mapping collaborative relationships among countries, authors, and research areas.	1
Department of Law, Centre for Social Ethics and Policy, School of Social Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK	0
In sum, this study is one of the firsts to apply the webometric method to the field of organic products and thus motivates further research on this important topic.	1
Note that its classification must be based on the result of factor analysis.	0
All other comparisons revealed non-significant differences including English-language journals originating in the US versus English-language journals originating elsewhere (0.340, 95% CI–0.304-0.984).	0
This work was supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation through Strasser's in-kind contributions and support for Khare as an intern.	0
is the number of authors on an article and An is the number of articles with n authors published during that period.	0
All records were coded to form a unique curriculum vitae (CV) database.	0
As the publication productivity of residents has been investigated in several specialties, mainly in the USA [15], but never in pathology, we performed a bibliometric study to evaluate the outcome of medical theses and publication out-put of a nationwide cohort of medical students who entered pathology residency between 2006 and 2011.	1
3 Theoretical example of the evolution of a discipline with scientific fission in different research fields over time	0
The definition of the penalty areas in the previous subsection, allows us to design two new metrics which will act as the filter to separate influential from mass producers.	1
Types of cancer immunotherapy and level of evidence of the clinical articles (n=68) in the Top 100	0
Acknowledgements We would like to express our thanks to Professor Cassidy R.	0
The focus of this study is thus not to identify the best indicator for the measure of individual performance, rather to identify how to use them to compare researchers from different fields (apples to oranges).	1
This study addressed the conceptualization of the societal impact of research from the perspective of programme evaluation, by focusing on the three 'result' elements of logic models: outputs, outcomes, and impact.	1
Please see page XX for the Editor's Capsule Summary of this article.	0
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data used in the paper and its Supporting Information files are archived in the Dryad Digital Repository (https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.6jn86.2 and https:// doi.org/10.5061/dryad.mh189).	0
Leonie van Drooge, Catherine Chiong Meza, Thed van Leeuwen, and Ed Noyons provided additional valuable support during archival work.	0
The report by Gallo et al is the largest reported comparative study involving FF and VR sessions, and as expected and against the concerns of reviewers regarding new technology, these two methods have been proven to be equivalent in terms of review outcomes.	1
Secondly, through identifying the management gaps and suggesting relevant strategies for enhancing structuring and organizing research at the four leading Vietnamese universities, this study provides practical knowledge in developing appropriate strategies for research development.	1
Secondly, a noteworthy outcome is the reduced concentration of open access (OA) publications within PubPeer, following normalization.	1
This study provides an in-depth look at the development of research in cybernetics and economics, highlighting the impacts and upcoming trends in this area of study.	1
In this brief communication, we have proposed a novel routine in R language, namely, medlineR, that enables users to integrate, by using the WoS Medline interface, data from Medline/ PubMed with the above-mentioned fields available in WoS.	1
Abbreviations: Max, maximum value of Twitter clicks; Mean_all, mean value of Twitter clicks of all Bitly short links; Mean_clicked, mean value of Twitter clicks of Bitly short links with at least one Twitter click; Min, minimum value of Twitter clicks; PL(C ≥ 1), percentage of Bitly short links with at least one Twitter click; TNC, total number of Twitter clicks; TNL, total number of Bitly short links; 90th P, 90th percentile of Twitter clicks; SD, standard deviation.	0
However, although bibliometric analysis regarding entrepreneurship in general (Ferreira, Reis and Miranda 2015; Meyer et al.	1
The counts of articles for each contribution type and half-decade are in parentheses.	0
Arne Jakobsson, Director of Library of Medicine, Divisjon Rikshospitalet, University of Oslo, Norway for encouragement and help.	0
Finally we note that Formula (5) and the other results illustrate the range property.	0
Despite the increasing number of published error corrections, errata and corrigenda in the neurosurgical literature have not been analyzed critically.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2009	0
Table 1 Characteristics of all respondents and those with cases complete	0
E-mail: {waltmanlr, clara, kostenmjf, noyons, tijssen, ecknjpvan, leeuwen, vanraan, visser, p.f.wouters}@cwts.leidenuniv.nl	0
4 shows, the patent backward citation window for each domain has been changing consistently over the years.	0
Received December 12, 2013; revised January 15, 2014; accepted January 24, 2014	0
This approach may be applicable to other academic disciplines.	1
Spearman's r for the middle group (D, C, II, E) = -.500	0
In this regard, we have developed a powerful tool for knowledge management in nanomedicine.	1
(There is only one article that has more than 9 authors; it has 11 authors.)	0
Institute of Museum and Library Services for funding the research and Tom Sanville and Thomas Dowling of OhioLINK for providing the data and invaluable advice.	0
Table 1 Characteristics by year of publication outputs from 1999 to 2012.	0
Date of publication 2 January 2023; date of current version 30 August 2023.	0
There have been no detailed, complex and long-term studies concerning Polish higher schools of physical education among previously developed rankings based on the number of publications [24-25].	1
Secondly, funding organizations obtain an assessment tool with which to compare their research targeting as reported by sponsored authors.	1
Summary Individual Characteristics by Program Tier, Student Rank, and Advisor Rank	0
The findings of geographical variation in self-reporting of honorary authorship is interesting.	1
This study also goes beyond previous research in its attempt to ascertain the willingness of LIS faculty to become active promoters of open-access scholarly publishing.	1
He has master's degrees in mathematics, management and library science and a PhD in library and information science from the University of Mysore.	0
As we know, mapping analysis is also an important method in bibliometric study given that it can display scientific research output intuitively.	1
However, my results provide additional insight into how e-mail solicitations specifically appeal to these motivations.	1
3 Citations received by early and late collaborations of laureate-coauthor pairs.	0
To track how scientific ideas (represented by groups of scientific papers) appear and evolve, we apply a novel combination of algorithms explicitly allowing for papers to change their groups.	1
Keywords: science policy; international collaboration; student mobility; scientific publications; coauthored publications	0
The definition of variables is shown in Table A1 in SI.	0
This is slightly lower than the general responses to the survey in which 70% of respondents report working in academic settings.	0
Our identification strategy also differentiates us from other authors: although we do not have information on unsuccessful grant applications, we exploited an exogenous funding policy change and the funding history of grant recipients, which gives credibility to our difference-in-differences estimator.	1
The analysis part involves the identification of the most important factors that likely cause the change in the observed parameters (i.e.	0
PLOS: Public Library of Science; WoS: Web of Science; DOI: digital object identifier.	0
In this paper we show the potential of Goodreads reader ratings to identify the impact of books beyond academia.	1
Our paper makes a contribution to this body of literature in that it empirically assesses one dimension of the editor's influence, using citation count data.	1
Contrariwise, that score suffers from two major issues.	1
The same term is used in Britain for different levels of attainment, not to mention doctorates conferred in recognition of contributions other than a single piece of research.	0
We use the following definition for a the solid which is a set of weighted points:	0
This function directly interacts with users and provides a solution of knowledge search and augmenting an existing knowledge base with limited expert support.	0
This paper connects quantitative methods and an important sociological concept, i.e.	1
Distribution of publications based on the research topic category: PV (right) and SC (left).	0
We also wish the best of luck to the new Editor, Andras Komáromy, in leading VO to new heights.	0
Your use of this PDF, the BioOne Web site, and all posted and associated content indicates your acceptance of BioOne's Terms of Use, available at www.bioone.org/page/ terms_of_use.	0
A citation-based method is developed for identifying potentially L-L papers, from all the papers listed in Scopus with at least one author from India.	1
It is for this reason that we include Iran's Higher Education Upstream Documents in our study.	1
Our paper contributes to this ongoing debate, to critically examine whether it is logical, or indeed illogical, to believe that humanities research is some kind of ‘luxury' making little contribution to society.	1
The results of this study provide some guidance to authors regarding where they may wish to consider submitting their neurology research.	1
Additional supporting information may be found online in the Supporting Information section at the end of the article:	0
This paper intended to systematically assess the knowledge evolution in aquatic ecosystem research, providing a more integrated outlook of research trends in the subject to help researchers to better determine their own research under the global picture.	1
The frequency distribution of the variables are presented in Table 4.	0
In this paper, we peer inside the black box of science production and find that funding for “science” primarily supports the scientists, including trainees and staff, who produce it.	1
We omit the distribution of the non-harmonized second exercise scores because the impact of harmonization is negligible and the two curves almost coincide.	0
*Other 24 fields include agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, animal and dairy science, art, chemical engineering, chemical sciences, civil engineering, computer and information sciences, economics and business, electrical engineering, electronic engineering, information engineering, history and archaeology, industrial biotechnology, languages and literature, law, materials engineering, mathematics, mechanical engineering, media and communications, other agricultural sciences, other engineering and technologies, other humanities, other social sciences, philosophy, ethics and religion, political science, sociology	0
We also compared the two different doctorate scientific degrees achievable in Hungary, PhD and DSc.	0
This study pushes this line of research forward by explicating mechanisms of organizational influences on the emergence of divergent local logics of authorship.	1
Our paper aims to fill two significant research gaps.	1
Keywords Altmetrics · Social media metrics · Data coverage · Data intensity · Hot topics · Social attention	0
The similarity within consensus groups is represented by the diagonal values.	0
Such an approach still finds support, and the so-called CRediT taxonomy has been worked out to assist in ascribing contributorship to researchers by specifying kinds of contribution in quite some detail (Brand et al., 2015), an initiative that has gained some ground (see http://docs.casrai.org/CRediT).	1
As a result, it will be shown that the perspective will help to identify journals in a similar position with analogous structural problems associated with them.	1
To my knowledge there has not been a systematic study of what types of organizations are publishing OA journals or the nature of publishing done by these organizations.	1
In sum, our study synthesizes the diverse set of results found in the literature and advances a plausible explanation: the relative importance of human capital spillovers depends on the nature of the space where the supply shock occurs and on the quality of the individuals in question.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
See www.eigenfactor.org/methods.pdf for more details of the methodology behind the eigenfactor algorithm.	0
To date, however, bibliometrics has not been used to analyze publications related to the U.S. Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS).	1
Ethical approval was not deemed necessary for this study as it did not involve any production, analysis or sharing of clinical or personal data.	0
The purpose of our study is to compare the evolution in vascular surgery in Europe and North America over 5 years, by analyzing the trends and characteristics of the scientific articles published in vascular journals.	1
In this paper, we propose a data transformation and visualization technique that resolves this challenge.	1
Journals included in this analysis in alphabetical order within category—including ISSN and country of publication.	0
The developed theorems and proofs concerning the modification of a and β reveal new properties and complement the base theory for informetrics.	1
Unlike critical conceptualisations of undue corporate influence on science, such as undone science (Hess 2016), or unseen science (Richter et al. 2018), the credibility politics we describe concern articulating whose science this science is not undone or unseen but obscuring its provenance: allonymous science.	1
Originality: Most of the existing studies on SEO have been confined to popular literature, outside of scholarly academic research in library and information science.	1
Los autores de este artículo no tenemos ningún conflicto de intereses en la elaboración, producción y publicación de este manuscrito.	0
These academics often led the departments that were either created or reconstructed in the 1970s.	0
Adding to the literature on high-order citations, we introduce the concept of a citation cascade: the constitution of a series of subsequent citing events initiated by a certain publication.	1
These authors are not indexed with the searched affiliation at the time of this study	0
Future research is needed to explore in more detail why these differences exist.	0
These findings confirm that the de-concentration of scientific production has gone along with a de-concentration of scientific citations in most countries.	1
Keywords Bibliometrics · Citation peak· Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) Historical roots Tribology	0
This process could be replaced by encoding SJR categories by any established procedure, like one-hot encoding, target encoding, etc.	0
Young researchers are frequently exposed to predatory publishers and fraudulent conferences.	1
1Information Policy Research Group, Iranian Research Institute for Information Science and Technology (IranDoc), Tehran, Iran	0
The other contribution is that we applied multiple inequality measures with different characteristics, namely relative and absolute Gini coefficients.	1
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
Many research centers have an employee, usually a secretary or librarian, who records in one way or another the publications of the resident scientists, but occasionally the management of an institute just does not know.	0
Here we just mention in passing that the field-specific peculiarities in delayed reception should also be interpreted in the context of different ageing literature in these science areas (see GL?NZEL & SCHOEPFLIN, 1995).	0
The manipulation problem can be mitigated through three mechanisms.	1
This research is based on the Presidential Address delivered by Mary A.	0
As a result, the topics gain life, and the vast majority of them expand in scope over time.	0
To this end, we proposed a version of betweenness centrality that only considers the shortest paths starting in the East and ending in the West, or vice versa.	1
Fourth, this paper extends these studies by focusing much more attention on specific reviewer and editor practices (e.g., focus too much or too little on things like methodology, writing, novelty, etc.) so that reviewers and those training reviewers know specific areas to target for improvement.	1
Originality/value – This is the first study to quantify and detect research emphases and trends in L&P from the WOS during 1993-2012, which may provide the groundwork for future studies of the L&P research domain, and offer some important suggestions and implications for professional researchers, specialists, publications' editors and public policy makers concerned with the domain.	1
We thank the reviewers for their insightful comments that greatly improved our work.	0
In other words, in addition to not joining science in the first place, women leave science more than men (Hill et al.	0
Thus, this exploratory study sought to add additional perspectives to the literature and focused on three questions:	1
This study offers methods for identifying those patterns through a programmatic approach that offers a way to explore and compare the nuances of the discipline.	1
Few studies cover the evolution of the main TE research topics at home and abroad.	1
We then use a method we term simonly.	1
The current study offers useful insights about JCF's growth and development.	1
The primary aim of this present work was to provide an in-depth evaluation of research publications in the field of diets and breast cancer using Pubmed, and other publicly available databases, and also examined global research productivity and trends in Asian countries.	1
In this work, we propose using the concrete and graphical representation to present the empirical data.	1
However, we know less of the scholars citing the work published in potential predatory journals and potential poor scientific standards journals.	1
Keywords Science writers · Impact Science communication · Bias · Citations · Editorship	0
Furthermore, these prior studies on the science of team science did not examine research proposals and thus there is an opportunity to advance our understanding of team size in the context of the RD process.	1
The use of 10 years of research journals provides identification of those most stable programs; while retirement and faculty mobility could have contributed to lower 2000s ranks for top science education programs of the 1990's.	1
Note that, as the fitted curve begins higher than the observed data and ends lower, the real doubling time is lower.	0
In the following, we first show the results of our publication analysis as we discuss the professors' overall inclusion in the two databases as well as their retrieved numbers of publications from both databases.	0
Here, we intend to contribute to at least two points of the literature: the differences of research collaboration and interdisciplinary participation by gender.	1
A replication package with the results data and Python scripts used for the statistical analysis and charting of the reported example studies is also available on Zenodo doi: 10.5281/zenodo.	0
The design effects are for univ 1 = 1.3 and univ 2 = 1.42.	0
A new tree layout, called scaled layout, designed specifically for webgraphs, is proposed.	1
* Tel.: +49 371 531 21910; fax: +49 371 531 21919.	0
Other interesting developments of this paper, which are left to future research, include:	0
Carman, 2013; Coleman, Guo, & Dabbs, 2007; Dai, Swanson, & Cheng, 2011; Hays, 1993; Parker, Jordan, Kirk, Aspiranti, & Bain, 2010; Rogers, 1989; Ziegler & Raul, 2000) and some characteristics of the authors publishing in the field (e.g.	1
This paper draws attention to the complex nature of science and how hard it is to approach the problem of scientific production without considering its political, social and traditional aspects.	0
2 Average share of four performance classes across five types of authors from set 1 [Data sourced	0
It argues that the requirement for open access in UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) grants does not mark a major turning point in academic publishing, but rather is simply the latest trend in a series of changes which have seen academic inequalities redistributed under a metric culture.	1
To develop this framework, I draw on Alexandrova's methodology for building 'mid-level theories', and adapt it to the modeling context (2017).	1
For details of the countries included in the selected four regions, refer to Table 1.	0
Furthermore, we explain the differences between male and female scholars on research performance by combining studies on confidence and writing style.	1
This study applied various methods and tools of social network analysis and geographical mapping analysis to reveal the collaboration structure and patterns among regions in LS research in China.	1
This work extends previous lines of research, attempting to quantify the creative quality of scholarly work.	1
Two main properties of this schema are: (1) flexible assignment credits by modifying the formula (with changing a) and applying the preference to an individual author by adjusting the weight (with changing β); (2) calculation of the credits by separating the formula for the first author from others.	1
Second, unlike most existing studies, this paper not only studied STM journals but also paid close attention to journals from the social sciences and humanities and then made comparisons between these two.	1
Unlike typical approaches, we then introduced new scientometric indexes from the underlying networks for authors, countries, and topics.	1
a School of Management, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Beijing, P.R.	0
The results of our study make a significant contribution to the discussion of which factors most influence publishing among academic librarians, particularly the study contributed by Seaman (2008).	1
The SNIP was developed by H.F Moed and aims to assess a journal's impact within a set context which avoids the disparity encountered between different specialities, an Achilles heel of the JIF.	1
We wondered, nonetheless, whether ChatGPT might be able to offer a distinct appreciation of the issue of “predatory publishing”.	1
doi:10.1007/s11192-011-0370-5) model, as applied to particular journal-years, is applied and assessed.	1
Manuscript received on May 2, 2006; accepted for publication on May 31, 2006; contributed by ROGERIO MENEGHINI*	0
8 The effect of conference closure on scholars with different productivity.	0
Utilizing a unique dataset and the difference-in-difference econometric technique, we were able to identify the potential causal effect of open access on journal CiteScores.	1
Table 1 The frequency of co-cited papers in opinion similarity categories	0
Received: 29 July 2022 Revised: 18 October 2022 Accepted: 2 December 2022	0
Section 5 summarizes the original contributions of the paper, highlighting the relevant implications, limitations and suggestions for future research.	0
Although there were substantial differences between broad fields and smaller differences between subfields, the results confirm the value of Mendeley reader counts as early scientific impact indicators.	1
Assessment of the measurement model, correlation matrix and square root of AVEs.	0
combining traditional citation indicators with altmetrics indicators, a process of influence evaluation and comparison model on Chinese and American OA journals is constructed.	1
The paper offers a critical analysis of ORCID adoption in Ireland based on perceptions amongst two stakeholder groups, academics and librarians.	1
This study contributes to the literature of collection development in communication studies in several ways.	1
The BRICS journalism researchers primarily relied on domestic and Western scholarships to produce knowledge while they were largely isolated from each other and other researchers in the Global South.	1
Despite ongoing interest in alternate training paths for surgical trainees in pursuit of research education, comprehensive data are lacking on long-term outcomes of formalized graduate-level research training upon academic productivity, publication record, or motivation to continue research pursuits after completion of surgical training.	1
Exact P values are reported and those less than 0.05 deemed significant.	0
After a discussion of our data, we detail our empirical strategy and then present our findings and conclusions.	0
The most recent period is best understood, in terms of this general indicator, as a somewhat typical postwar recovery from a trough, leading to an overshooting and a contemporary recovery to oscillation in the neighborhood of the long-term average growth rate.	0
Based on this argument, we develop a metric for effective engagement, a metric that captures the extent to which engagement is driven by the product or the ad is engaging for the “right” reason.	1
Our proposed operationalization of SVD-entropy H(q) therefore provides some novel insights with respect to the more common operationalization of entropy H(p).	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Our study provides the 'missing counterpart' to similar studies in various other disciplines including sister business disciplines like economics, finance, and accounting.	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
In our study, a single research subject librarian, who provides library support for three subject areas on campus, implemented our methodology.	0
The method introduced here makes interdisciplinarity more tangible and measurable.	1
Publisher's Note: All claims expressed in this article are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of their affiliated organizations, or those of the publisher, the editors and the reviewers.	0
Our paper contributes to this literature by investigating complementarity and substitutability between different types of funding in the production of a single piece of research, that is, a publication.	1
If we apply this idea to research quality, we can define it as a collective frame of scientific communities that organises the assessment of contributions, research processes and fellow producers to determine their utility for individual and communal knowledge production processes.	1
As an alternative to main path analysis, we introduce a new approach for tracing historical developments in science based on citation networks.	1
This wide range of coverage (1985–2016) enables us to exhibit the trend data, which complement the data from the ranking systems (based only on 5-year data) by providing the change in performance at a coarse, 5-year time scale.	1
Altmetrics was also proposed as an alternative to the widely used citation and usage indicators in tracking the impact of individual articles.	1
The codes used in the results below relate to the participant's panel (Main panel = PO; Sub panel 1 = P1, and so forth) and their evaluation responsibilities (Outputs and Impact (OutImp); Impact only (Imp); or Output only (Out)).	0
For the ease of readability, however, we stick with the terms "established?nd "emerging topics?hroughout the remainder of the paper.	0
The main aim of the study was to set a framework for new researchers in the field of LIS, so that they may get to know about the publications, authors, institutions and contributions of countries in LIS filed of digital libraries.	1
In the late 90s, an approach that would avoid valuing the contributions in relation to each other and expressing them by authorship order was suggested by several academic authors (Rennie, Yank, & Emanuel, 1997; Smith, 1997).	1
The mean success rate of funded grants with surgeons as principal investigators (16.4%) has been significantly lower than the mean NIH funding rate (19.2%) (p = 0.011).	1
We developed an HRS-based (Health Research System-based) method of research components evaluation which helps health research policy makers to more evidence based approaches (15-18).	1
Differently from the previous studies approaching the contributorship subject, here we introduce a framework to compute the variability of contributions in a single paper using concepts from network science.	1
These data were collected by the Mimir Project conducted at Stanford University by Daniel McFarland, Dan Jurafsky, Chris Manning, and Walter Powell.	0
If the connection is small, then the colour is more transparent.	0
We do not disagree with Wagner's (2008), Wagner and Leydesdorff (2005) concept of international research collaboration as a common phenomenon but we do not see the self-organizing network in these data.	1
One problem, then, with testing the Salant hypothesis is that we need an independent definition of what constitutes a good writer.	0
Sessa, as Senior Consulting Editor, for review by expert referees, editorial decision, and final disposition.	0
This article provides the first historical analysis of the relationship between collaboration and scientific impact using three indicators of collaboration (number of authors, number of addresses, and number of countries) derived from articles published between 1900 and 2011.	1
The method discussed here also implicitly defines the weights put, over time, on the quality label of the journal as opposed to that on accrued citations.	1
1 The Fuzzy Sets Theory field was founded by Zadeh in 1965 (for more information see Zadeh, 1965, 2008).	0
Our results also show that academic journals had an estimated 92 % Active rate, and 8 % Inactive rate annually.	1
There is a small correction to this form due to the possibility of that the same vertex i could be chosen more than once which is excluded in the actual model.	0
Although we focus on a single dataset concerning a specific field, the methodology presented here opens the path to comparative studies of the dynamics of knowledge across disciplines and research areas.	1
These circum-stances limit the effectiveness of bibliometric studies and thus it is advisable to carry out a comparative analysis before beginning a study based on the information provided by a bibliographic database.	0
The computation of all models was implemented using Stata 64/MP 10.1.	0
2 If it were possible to compare the gap between the maximum and minimum of scientists' earnings and their prestige, I suspect that the latter would by far be the larger.	0
The analytical method developed herein allows investigation of collaborative behaviors of individuals in a research community and prediction of temporal trend of research topics in numerous complex multidisciplinary fields.	1
She obtained her Masters and PhD in Biological Oceanography at the Foundation University of Rio Grande (FURG), Brazil.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Our informetrics-centric approach coupled with text mining makes it possible to make use of trajectory analysis of therapeutic group networks for new drug discovery.	1
Scientists have contributed to their discipline, community, and society for several decades, yielding scholastic publications.	0
total citations from publication to the end of the most recent year (or last year), for example 2016 in this study (TC2016).	1
In the following sections, we begin with a review of nanotechnology-related social science literature with a particular focus on debates concerning the transformative capacity and impacts of nanotechnology on society.	0
“non-cultivated” or “cultivated”) against a null hypothesis of no difference.	1
Alberto Martín-Martín is funded for a four-year doctoral fellowship (FPU2013/05863) granted by the Ministerio de Educación, Cultura, y Deportes (Spain).	0
Web-based metrics embrace the move to new platforms for scholarly practice as a source for this broader array, and present a new way to improve impact evaluation.	1
developed a detector that can lift that limitation by combining signal cloning with frequency combs and signal-processing techniques (see the Perspective by Vasilyev).	1
Co-authorship based on article databases is often used to analyze IRCs in S&T.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-017-2491-y) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
This case study describes an outreach program that promoted the use of digital identifiers to a community largely characterized by traditional approaches to research and scholarship.	1
The paper also proposes a visualization of the cooperation between faculties and research interdisciplinarity via the co-authorship structure among publications.	1
As co-authorship is among the most well-documented forms of research collaboration, the present study aimed to explore whether authors' collaboration methods might influence the methodological quality of SRs and MAs of psoriasis.	1
Based on the above, this article proposes to reflect, in the light of Digital Humanities, on the influence of post-truth on the credibility crisis of science.	1
Note: AI: artificial intelligence; P2P: Peer-to-peer; EWOM: Electronic word of mouth; SEM: Structural equation modeling; LBS: Location-based service.	0
A representative keyword for each cluster is reported on the bottom right part of the figure.	0
In addition to proposing the concept of coverage (and the distinction between weight-related and structure-related coverages), introducing the key-node path search and its application in determining MPs' coverage, and suggesting the use of coverage ratio as a supplemental quantitative measure, another contribution of this study is the methodology for extracting the out-of-MP-coverage parts of the network, called the auxiliary network, for further exploration by additional rounds of MPA when the coverage ratio is low.	1
As seen by readers first, the title of an article has the core information that authors would like to express.	0
An unexpected result of this analysis was the huge inflation (roughly doubling) of h-index values within each rating category in the biological sciences since the previous analyses by Lovegrove and Johnson17 and Fedderke8.	1
To avoid confusion, we use the term reference to denote items in the bibliography of a paper, as defined by de Solla Price.	0
This unifying theory can offer a foundation for the field of science of science (Section 4).	1
Few would deny that scientists differ greatly in their productive capacities, and that these differences are, to a large degree, determined before their careers begin.	0
In addition, the Relative Author Superiority index could be complementary to other previous indicators such as H-index, G-index or citation counts as it overcomes the limitations of the age of publications, length of the author's career, and the self-citation problem that are present in other indicators.	1
In the remainder of this article, Section “Related work” provides background on related studies of scientific productivity.	0
With these limitations in mind, it is clear that altmetrics open new directions in understanding scientific impact of a publication not just through peer-review and citation indices, but through assessing other aspects of impact at society, education and public domains.	1
The authors are with the Innovation Department, Chalmers University of Technology, 412 96 G?teborg, Sweden.	0
To check that the limited coverage of WoS (for example, due to ceased journals before the database was created in the 1960s) did not influence our results, we ran all analyses on the dataset of American Physical Society papers, which contains a complete set of physics papers and citations from 1893 to 2010.	0
The present research is a first step for the elaboration of monitoring indicators of technological relevance for young papers, and many issues should be addressed for their practical use.	1
However, although knowledge is being generated, there are no longitudinal studies that analyse globally the scientific production in Sports Sciences associating it with financing aspects.	1
1 Department of Library and Information Science, Gauhati University, Guwahati, Assam, India	0
This study proposes an enhanced indicator that integrates academic impact and novelty, which will have a significant impact on academia and scientific research practices.	1
Two main communication networks in the publication patterns of German political scientists are distinguished in this study.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY–December 2011 2457	0
This study contributes to discovering the linkages among science, technology, and industry from the perspective of mutual citations among scholarly articles, patents, and products.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
However, the current study showed that not only are inexperienced Arab scholars publishing in these journals but also scholars with long research experience.	1
Section 3 describes the data analysis results regarding annual distribution, citations per paper, journals, authors, institutions, and countries.	0
c We show collaboration counts after 1990 because there is higher data volume in this period of time.	0
I do not wish to support the use of these metrics.	0
This paper reports first results on the interplay of different levels of the science system.	1
Pauline Mattsson (corresponding author) is at the Unit for Bio-entrepreneurship, UBE, Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden; and the Technopolis Group, Grevgatan 15, 114 53 Stockholm, Sweden.	0
This study provided a comparative analysis between countries which allows more inclusive criteria for those with low production or impact in BMA.	1
TJH is the third journal indexed from Turkey and this number is increasing.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
As far as the article mentioned in Section 1.2 is concerned, here are some further details.	0
This research contributes to the existing body of knowledge also from this perspective.	1
A poster version of this study was presented at the ISSI (International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics Conference), 2007, Madrid, Spain, 25-27 June 2007.	0
Our study is – to the best of our knowledge- the first to provide evidence on cross-cultural differences in self-citing behaviour.	1
Use your smartphone to scan this QR code and connect to the discussion forum for this article now.*	0
Author explored the reason for low value of CPP for different countries using PnC %.	0
The worth of this research is the empirical confirmation to the advantages of heterogeneity, rather than intellectual capital features of schools, in research collaboration that contribute to the debate about heterogeneity and performance.	1
The present study extends this research on fame in the sciences by examining the fame trajectories, which capture changes in the fame of scientists, of numerous eminent scholars ranked by Bohannon (2011) based on the frequency with which their names appear in English language books between 1800 and 2000.	1
The following robustness checks are implemented to further verify our results.	0
However, the abovementioned researches are focused on a specific topic, which highlights the opportunity for a holistic approach that ensures consideration of all themes, their forms, and components included in the literature.	1
This study addresses this issue and proposes a bibliometric method for research assessment that is focused on capturing the contribution of countries to push the boundaries of knowledge, the same type of research that is awarded with Nobel Prizes.	1
Therefore, a novel main path named preference main path is proposed by considering discipline bias and time bias in this work.	1
Graduate School of Library & Information Science, University of Washington, 133 Suzzallo Library, Box 352930, Seattle, WA 98195-2930.	0
Second, we review the important studies on identifying influential tweeters or tweets on Twitter platform, in chronological order.	0
In conclusion, as university research management is an under-explored research topic, this article helps to enrich this body of literature by presenting empirical findings of how research is structured and organized at four leading Vietnamese universities.	1
Consequently, there is a lack of published data, statistics and scientific literature about the actual overall time required, on average, for publication.	1
According to the results obtained, the Relative ASI is a more effective indicator to assess the citation-based performance for the following reasons:	1
Yet our analysis shows that for papers published in WoS indexed journals, on average the probability of being published in journals in Q1 (high impact journals) is far above 25 %.	1
However, no study has analyzed the most cited studies in the field of allergy.	1
Some of the bibliometric data used in this article are from an in-house database developed and maintained by the Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL, Munich) and derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) provided by Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, PA, USA).	0
The analyses were conducted using Stata 14.0 software (Stata Corp., College Station, TX, USA).	0
There is no doubt that there has been a substantial increase in PPJ.	0
The rank distributions of ui’s in these three regimes are shown in Fig.	0
HCVDBegy availability opens the door for more drill down analysis for decision makers.	0
The author confirms that there is no conflict of interest as none of the journal editors were aware of this analysis nor any specific goals were set other than the accurate derivation of the citations and items published.	0
Therefore, instead of citation count, we propose building citation trees of articles to calculate their contribution to scientific fields producing contribution vectors.	1
The indices used for adjusting research productivity revealed the effort and contribution of other countries.	1
Our results, therefore, are interesting by showing that this is not the case.	0
In our analysis we use different approaches to visualizing data in the form of different illustrative graphs including colored tables, which are easy-to-read-and understand.	1
Moreover, it is well known that these regularities are mathematically equivalent, so that, e.g.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=hebh20	0
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
This paper proposes a new MPA method named preference main path and testes it on a dataset of blockchain.	1
It is not claimed that this scheme provides an accurate representation of the structure of science.	0
The noteworthy findings based on data tabulated in Table 1 are as follows.	0
The results are more complex to interpret for the probability attributes.	0
Figure 1 Number of articles in top 50 by decade of publication.	0
Walsh for their helpful comments in connection with the writing of this paper.	0
This study presented a detailed analysis of 100 most cited articles focused on CHD in recent decades, which provides insights into the circumstances and trends in preventing and treating CHD.	1
We address these limitations of previous analyses by examining relations between gender, writing style, and funding decisions in 1560 full-text grant applications in a double-blinded review process at a Danish private research funding organisation.	1
This result indicates that compared with the Structural-Scaffold (Cohan et al., 2019) which is based on word vector representation and hard parameter sharing constraint multi-task framework, the joint heterogeneous representation and multi-task framework with soft parameter sharing constraint proposed in this paper provides major contributions to citation intent classification.	1
This section reviews page classification studies and longitudinal web research as a prelude to combining the two approaches for the research question.	0
This Letter to the Editor proposes some benchmarks which can be used for supporting the interpretation of institutional differences.	1
LIS Graduate Program, University of Denver, Head, Circulation Services, University of Colorado, Boulder, Norlin Library, CB 184, Boulder, CO 80309-0184.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
To provide interlocking perspectives at the career and epistemic levels, we assembled three data sets to measure XD via (i) the collaboration network between 4190 biology and computing faculty from 155 departments in the United States, (ii) cross-departmental affiliations within a comprehensive set of human genomics publications, and (iii) the application of computational concepts and methods in research published in a preeminent genomics journal.	1
As far as we could ascertain, these two measures have rarely been applied to the investigation of the OA citation advantage.	1
Both the consequences of our experiment and this comparison demonstrate the characteristics of our method and verify its effectiveness.	1
As a result, almost nothing is known about the geographic diversity of editors in field-based STEM disciplines [16] such as ecology, evolution, and natural resource management (hereafter, environmental biology [EB]).	1
Mumford & Shane Connelly (2017): Curricular Approaches in Research Ethics Education: Reflecting on More and Less Effective Practices in Instructional Content, Accountability in Research, DOI: 10.1080/08989621.2016.1276452	0
A new indicator: h?-index was proposed to extract the active articles with at least the same number of citations as the h?-index in the statistical year.	1
Figure 7 | Correlation between scientific production ranking and ranking based on the number of publications in 2009.	0
Integrating all this information into one analysis provides a novel perspective from which to draw comprehensive new insights.	1
It also describes the method of automatic formation of such collections.	0
A conceptual model of bibliometric engagement is presented, with implications for tourism and cognate disciplines.	1
All but one of these respondents made a written comment on the survey.	0
Publishers have insisted that libraries sign confidentiality clauses that keep these prices secret.	1
By using Academia.edu as an alternative source of data, we discovered additional computer science research in sub-Saharan Africa in addition to that found in traditional bibliometric databases.	1
The third contribution of the study is that it takes a dynamic perspective to examine how the impacts of network closure and brokerage on journals' structural influence evolve over time.	1
Our results indicate, however, that there appears to be a correlation between suboptimal reviewing performance and increased relative acceptance rate.	1
Here, we propose a network-based methodology to quantify the impact of an article by comparing it with locally comparable research, thereby eliminating the discipline label requirement.	1
We thank Pat Oslund, Daria Milakhina, Carlos Zambrana, Peng Chen and Nadia Kim for their research assistance.	0
Therefore, we propose that this bibliographic item (Author ID) can be used as a new tool in scientometrics, although, it should be noted, this does not mean that it is “perfectly accurate”.	1
A network visualization of being-cited patterns can be used to measure a journal's citation impact in relation to the JIF values of journals in the network.	1
No known study describes similar approaches to improving VIVO Harvester performance.	1
We suggest that the notion of gamification offers a useful additional way of building on these critical concerns.	1
The results provide an objective measure of research impact and provide benchmarks that can be used by governments, universities and individual academics to compare research impact.	1
It is these secondary effects of the Exzellenzinitiative that we begin to explore in this research note.	1
Importantly, however, we demonstrate that size alone is not a sufficient determinant of scholarly productivity and that not all network resources flowing through those professional networks are equally valuable.	1
In almost all cases, however, the primus inter pares is the editor-in-chief: a respected scientist or scholar, assuming, as it were, personal responsibility for the papers published in his or her journal.	0
The Significance of Interception Ratio of two sets (SIR??) was proposed to operationalize the evaluation of the search-terms' document retrieval interdependence.	1
This particular method has been used in the application section of this study.	0
This paper relies on recent endeavors to merge both types of dynamics into co-evolutionary, multi-level modeling frameworks, where social and semantic aspects are being jointly appraised.	1
It follows that the quality of a scientific article of today would depend on the prestige of the periodical in which it is published and the number of times the article is cited in literature (Cunha-Melo et al.	0
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest to report regarding the present study.	0
On the other hand, it was shown that Sleeping Paper papers can shed new light on various dimensions of knowledge diffusion.	1
Our findings are contrary to the belief that department chairs pivot and focus more time on their administrative responsibilities, leading to decreased scholarly vigor.	1
How the institutions of similar nodal properties tend to connect with each other has been illustrated.	0
As such, journals are integral to the maintenance and advancement of the profession.	0
1 Profile plot of the estimated marginal means for the variable art-Q1-FL	0
Department of Library and Information Science, Shahid Chamran University, Ahwaz, Iran.	0
The one who is interested in the underlying theory can refer to Zhang and Guo (2006) for further information.	0
Our study includes a large and comprehensive sample size of academic RTP and provides important benchmarking data for RTP.	1
First we asked them to reconsider the possi- ble factors used to determine cancellation (see above), but this time to say how impor- tant they thought they would be in five years’ time.	0
Our study also represents the type of high-value consultancy that academic librarians can provide for scholar-editors of open access research journals.	1
The description and explanation of the technical terms used in this study are presented in Table 1.	0
There is a need to identify the best content (likely by a combination of experts, algorithms, and the crowd), share it on new platforms (like social media or the Stay Current: Pediatric Surgery mobile application), and convert it to more engaging multimedia formats (like videos, podcasts, and infographics) to reach a wide audience of diverse learners (Figs.	1
Xiao Long, Library of Beijing University, for their help in data collection and verification of data.	0
This represents a significant gap in the extant literature, particularly given that access is a foundational issue for both the discipline and the profession.	1
Our investigation uncovered useful information, such as annual publishing patterns, the hottest research topic, the top 10 important authors and articles, and the most helpful funding organizations and venues.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to analyze the quantity and quality of articles in major nursing journals that have been published from three major Chinese regions, namely Mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, during a ten-year period.	1
The study uses a zero-inflated negative binomial approach to model specification to better characterize the role played by the different types of funding in 242,406 scientific articles from Belgium, Denmark, the Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland, and Sweden.	1
Okulicz-Kozaryn (2013) is significant in that it is, to the best of our knowledge, the first study that examines the readability of academic writing particularly from the perspective of the use of adjectives and adverbs.	1
Discussion group, left to right: Andrey Kozlenok, Alexander Nedoshivin, Olga Moiseeva, Elena Grineva, Mikhail Galugudza, Vladimir Fokin, Jeroen Bax, Evgeny Shlyakhto, Mikhail Chernyavskiy, Daria Ryzhkova, Olga Sirotkina, Anna Kostareva	0
An automated system for co-citation analysis promises to facilitate understanding of the changing trends that affect the journal structure of research domains.	1
Sidney Bloch, PhD, FRANZCP, Professor; and Editor, Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry.	0
Based on these results, we visualized the long-term knowledge evolution in physics research in the form of alluvial diagrams.	1
The number of countries producing papers and patents from 1981 to 2008.	0
More specifically, the paper aims at answering the following research questions:	0
Secondly, this methodological triangulation of different techniques enhances our understanding of how topics in cloud computing and other emerging fields evolve, highlighting the role of both endogenous dynamics of normal research in established areas and sudden discoveries, inventions and innovations in new topics (Coccia, 2022).	1
journal-based publications), in particular the key papers dealing with research on climate change and viticulture.	0
This study fills a previous research gap and provides insights for researchers and policy-makers, highlighting that interdisciplinary research holds greater potential to impact policy formulation and implementation processes.	1
The main objective of this paper is to demonstrate proof-of-principle that shared references between two disjoint literatures provide a strong prioritization mechanism for selecting shared Title phrases for potential CSD.	1
Without loss of generality, we focus on the h-index and its variant the WL-index in this article and do not discuss other indices and their variants.	0
These differences support the value of evaluating multiple platforms to more completely assess articles' online reach.	1
PPPR may also serve as a way to renew trust in scientific findings by correcting the literature.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Note: The right upper empty part mirrors the left lower half part	0
This industry update focuses on automated ways to analyse the bibliography and identify fingerprints that can point to research integrity issues.	1
Data are shown in Table 1; publication data are rounded numbers.	0
Received 30 September 2022; Received in revised form 22 May 2023; Accepted 10 July 2023	0
The role transition patterns of scientific knowledge are investigated by introducing the game theoretic approach to explain the decision-making processes of two machine learning models.	1
Dr Dorsey performed most of his work while at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.	0
The Stata command bibrep.ado is introduced which automatically produces bibliometric reports for single researchers (senior researchers working in the natural or life sciences).	1
The models are applied through a new hierarchical bayesian estimation procedure for logistic regression to highly-cited papers in the Management Information Systems (MIS) field.	1
As an additional contribution to research, the graphs examined in this study and their respective attributes have been made available through a web platform called Acacia (available at http://plataforma-acacia.org).	1
Finally, the paper concludes with some positive effects and limitations of the method.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The vignettes illustrate the fruitfulness that can come from combining critical security studies’ analytic capacity for understanding political and organizational work being done in the name of security with STS’s current advances in engagement methodology and its long-standing skillset in analyzing the social within the technical and scientific.	1
The methodology can be used to examine the evolution of any scholarly term or concept within academic literature.	1
This example illustrates the danger in using sophisticated mathematical analysis to jump to practical conclusions (of sometimes life-changing consequences) in the delicate issues under consideration.	0
We thank an anonymous reviewer for their comments which helped improve the manuscript.	0
We would like to thank in particular Viv Cothey, Andrea Scharnhorst and Mike Thelwall for their comments on an earlier draft, and two anonymous referees for their helpful suggestions for improvement.	0
Competing interest: The authors declare that they have no competing interests.	0
Its main characteristic is rather than assigning equal weights to all the citations, we assign variable weight to each of them based on its strength and topical similarity between the citing paper and the cited paper.	1
Conflict of Interest: No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.	0
Overall, these results represent new empirical patterns that further enrich our understanding of careers of the scientific elite.	1
The metrics developed herein highlight the more efficient performance of tuberculosis investments and (more generally) public health research, and will be of interest to the funding agencies and academic and clinical institutions which seek to engage in the highest-quality and best-performing research.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
There has been increasing interest on the apparent underrepresentation of African-based scholars in economics scholarship on Africa.	1
The reasons for this choice will be discussed in the next section.	0
Instead of beginning from output or outcome, we depart from input, with the objective of controlling for the effects of size.	1
Here we shed light on this apparent puzzle.	1
2013 ASIS&T Published online 12 September 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
For this study, we selected Nature, a journal with high IF, as a case study to present a new approach to calculate and analyze the structure of the IF using the Web of Science (WoS) database (Andrade, Gonzalez-Jonte and Campanario 2009; Campanario 2011b).	1
Received 14 July 2023; Received in revised form 3 January 2024; Accepted 8 January 2024	0
Notes: Robust standard error of regression coefficients in parenthesis, ***p < 0.01, **p,0.05, *p < 0.1.	0
Statistical Cybermetrics Research Group, Faculty of Science and Engineering, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1LY, United Kingdom.	0
Sectorial distribution of publications in the biology UD, University of Milan.	0
Jiaming Liu: Methodology, Investigation, Data curation, Visualization, Formal analysis, Writing - original draft.	0
We argue that OA publishing will continue to transform scholarship within the arts and humanities, especially through the role of institutional repositories.	1
HIC, high-income country; UMIC, upper-middle-income country; LMIC, low- to middle-income country.	0
Compared to standardized citation-based metrics alone, we utilize a machine learning pipeline that analyzes high-dimensional relationships among a range of bibliometric features to improve the accuracy of predicting high-impact research.	1
We proposed the g-DMR topic model that is a universal method for multi-dimensional featured topic models by incorporating multiple arbitrary features into topic model.	1
(2016), A study of institutional spending on open access publication fees in Germany.	0
The h?-index thus provides a more precise evaluation on the academic impact of researchers.	1
This study seeks to contribute to both the existing literature and those responsible to manage Open Access policies in the high education field.	1
This study may help libraries and other IR start-ups understand what sources and services they need to develop to make their applications successful in an already very populated network of services.	1
AHRQ, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality; K, research career programs; NCI, National Cancer Institute; NHLBI, National Heart Lung and Blood Institute; R, research projects; U, cooperative agreements.	0
Due to the violation of publications standards and impact factor manipulations, 65 journals were dropped from 2012 JCR, as compared to 9 title suppressions in 2007.	0
This provides useful information which can be employed by research funding councils and committees to better understand the scientific relevance of venues and researchers and thus, take more informed funding decisions.	1
To our best knowledge, this is the second study to report on Altmetric in Orthodontics.	1
This gap is addressed with this study through an investigation of the macro-level diffusion of research synthesis methods from 1972 to 2011.	1
Manjula Wijewickrema is a senior assistant librarian in the Main Library at the Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka in Belihuloya, Sri Lanka; he may be reached by e-mail at: manju@lib.	0
This reminds the user that Google Scholar rarely returns the same hit counts for the very same query even a few minutes later-not a good sign for scholarly research.	0
Reading the article discloses this supposition to be true, so the title is justified.	0
We provided a bibliometric approach for the assessment of transitions that are in progress.	1
This link is weighted by the number of coauthored publications between each pair of countries.	0
For an accurate description of the Scopus logical operators, refer to the Scopus Search Guide.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ttap20	0
Unexpectedly, we documented an overall increase in the amount of funding for surgeon-scientists, as well as the number of funded surgeons compared with other physicians.	1
Again, because the subfactors were perturbed, the simulations predict a range of ranks.	0
European Journal of Education published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd	0
In this paper, we contribute to the literature by examining an editor's incentives either to issue a desk decision that is based solely on their imperfect private information about the manuscript's quality or to send the paper to external peer reviewers that better reveal its quality.	1
This is an encouraging development for the field but does pose a challenge for geographical society journals such as The Canadian Geographer, which reach relatively small audiences.	1
It could be concluded that the journal BABT should have been classified in the stratum A2, with a possible oscillation between A1 and A4, so that its classification as a B3 publication is out of the range foreseen in CAPES' established criteria.	1
The outcome and its implications for service delivery are then analysed.	0
The comments of a referee have been very useful in improving the presentation of a previous version of the paper.	0
This article seeks to extend the knowledge of the behaviour and attitudes towards open access publishing through a survey that focusses on the attitudes and behaviours of academic researchers in Korea working in medicine and healthcare.	1
The traditional method of bibliometric analysis and quantified descriptions of total scientific publications was extended in this study.	1
Differently from other indicators of research performance, FSS embeds both quantity and impact of production, similarly to the h-index.	1
And hence it does not appear in any mathematical relation involving the use of operations like multiplication, division, etc.3	0
Tracking HMR investment outcomes using this method could be useful for future policy and funding decisions at a federal and specific institution level.	1
Internet users only, it was not able to report traffic data for some Chinese Websites.	0
Acknowledgments The author is indebted to Wolfgang Gl?nzel, Henry Small, Ronald Rousseau, Pierre-André Zitt for helpful discussion and suggestions.	0
All bibliometric studies have limitations, and our study is no exception.	0
Ke Chen carried out data analysis and wrote the draft of the manuscript.	0
In this study, to our knowledge the first of its kind, we analyzed the effect of the unbalanced international collaboration as cause of misleading information on each country's contribution to the scientific world output.	1
Moreover, we highlighted that a single well-organized lecture is effective in improving the familiarity, knowledge, practices, and attitudes of HCWs towards predatory publishers.	1
This article is the first study of the rise of co-authorship in the social sciences that uses a large sample of time series data based on all of the articles in the subject categories of SSCI.	1
As Mendeley readership counts seems to be the most closely related to citation counts in comparison to other altmetrics, this paper proposes the hmen index as a variant of the citation-based h index which takes into account Mendeley readership counts.	1
We close with a discussion of the implications of the findings for policy and management.	0
Second, our study also contributes to the literature analysis approach.	1
By no means does the model suggest that dips in funding should be considered lightly or positively by the scientific society.	0
It is time to stop and reflect: where will we end up?	0
Distribution of residuals for the fit of the proposed Unified Law of Zipf	0
Since, in answer to the third research question, research in countries that produce little Scopus-indexed output do not tend to produce low impact outputs, an explanation is needed.	0
This approach forms the core contribution of this paper.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
However, there is a lack of research exploring the relationship between interdisciplinarity and peer review or expert opinions, particularly at the article level.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, there is no recent study that evaluates the advancement in research output of Jordan over the past years, neither that assesses the role of international co-authors collaboration in this advancement.	1
As mentioned above, the current study, although with different goals, partly updates a previous analysis of the extent to which journals match their database categories (Wang & Waltman, 2016), tests a new text comparison method, and differentiates between journal types in the analyses.	1
The primary aim of this empirical study was to investigate Elsevier's hybrid OA publishing from 2015 to 2019 to better understand the volume and invoicing of hybrid OA and to present a novel, data-driven approach for such analyses.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-1615.htm	0
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
The number of ESI fields in which a group of articles is cited may tell us something about the original publication set.	0
The method proposed in this paper seeks to facilitate these otherwise difficult comparisons.	0
An altogether different view on the properties of a good performance measure than that given in Egghe (2012) is offered.	1
Please note that this sample included articles that were later excluded from analysis as described in the following section.	0
In this paper, we introduce the Granger-causal inference strategy to study the directionality between downloads and citations and set up the length of time lag between the time series for each case.	1
The many differences between a place like ORNL and the settings studied in the library and information science literature necessitate the present study, which aims to help ORNL librarians critically evaluate the value of a unique library collection set within a unique organization.	1
Correspondence to: Han-joon Kim, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, the University of Seoul, Seoul 130-743, Republic of Korea.	0
There have not been many comprehensive bibliometric analyses of publications related to COVID-19.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Cells represent the number of papers found uniquely by each method or combination.	0
We describe in the following sections different studies in these areas.	0
Although the number of female faculty at Addis Ababa University increases, their research involvement is not well documented.	1
Concerning these results, this work supposes a framework on which to base future research.	1
A more detailed comparison between the AIF and the h,-index and an analysis of the practical differences will be the subject of a forthcoming article.	0
The authors are grateful to DIME for the funding needed to carry out the empirical research reported here.	0
Needless to say, the matrix may be read by column, in which case it will show an insight into the origin of the knowledge inflows of a country.	0
Our bibliometric analysis provides a point of departure for benchmarking R4D organizations in the absence of comparable data for other similar R4D organizations.	1
To illustrate the usefulness and the effectiveness of the PageRank method, we discuss the results of our study in this section.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(11):2215-2222, 2015	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Second, we demonstrate the skewed reward mechanism that affects journals' IFs disproportionately for an equally cited paper, depending on journal size.	1
The authors thank Catriona Geras and Simon James for correcting earlier versions of the article.	0
Received 11 September 2019; Received in revised form 19 June 2020; Accepted 12 July 2020	0
The main goal of this paper is to recalibrate the minimum values of four major performance indicators by taking the actual discipline-specific distance ratios into account.	1
In the above-mentioned equation, Y1 and Y2 are the 2 years before Y.	0
PB is an employee of Tata Consultancy Services, Mumbai; however, the views presented in this paper are of the author (purely personal) and not of his current or any previous employers'.	0
Considering the global nature of research (Rodrigues et al., 2016), and by proxy, research integrity and ethics, we aim to characterize the current patterns in RIRE.	1
Based on patent classification and prior art backward citations, the new methodology used here has helped identify the technologies at the origin of CG.	1
This research serves as a foundation for future endeavors, aiding researchers, clinicians, and policymakers in making informed decisions about the direction of research and development in the dynamic field of colorectal cancer therapy.	1
However, to the best of our knowledge, no bibliometric studies have focused specifically on innovation policy research.	1
Scott Long, Indiana University, Department of Sociology, 744 Ballantine Hall, Bloomington, IN 47405; e-mail: jslong@ucs.indiana.edu.	0
Our main contribution is to propose an uncertainty measure, the average absolute change in rank, which is based on a bootstrap approach.	1
For main path extraction, an intermediate data structure called main path tree was proposed for memorizing candidate partial paths during the process of main path exploration.	1
Numerous alternative specifications of the basic model described in equation (3) were estimated; results of several of these specifications are reported in Table II and discussed below.	0
This article is part of the topical collection on Nanotechnology Convergence in Africa	0
A global success of the ORCID-based “Prevention plus Cure" campaign can facilitate the identification of researchers with a record of retractions due to research misconduct, making the process efficient and, ideally, effortless.	1
Thus, this research provides insight into the publishing knowledge of scientists in a developing country in order to identify ways to strengthen the publishing output of Ghana by helping scientists locate their work in respected venues where their voices can contribute to an understanding of global problems.	1
1 No examination is performed here with regard to the variety of these indicators and their strengths and weaknesses.	0
The method described here can help to estimate the educational impact of monographs inside academia based on their mentions in online academic syllabi.	1
This paper introduces a bibliometric, citation network-based method for assessing the social validation of novel research, and applies this method to the development of high-throughput toxicology research at the US Environmental Protection Agency.	1
Received on July, 9 2021, final version on December 30, 2021 and approved on March 20, 2022.	0
By the time this essay reaches print, it will have passed through a gauntlet familiar to scholars in every discipline.	0
so that E is an increasing function of J (and vice versa).	0
Because in this work we are proposing a new framework for ranking academic institutions, we therefore felt necessary to compare our results with those two standards, despite the controversy they both stir.	1
First, it reflects the status quo and the content of platform research more directly, which makes it clear and easy to trace the origin in this field.	1
The study aims at improving the currently limited understanding of whether, and if so how, scholars from Turkey use ASNSs in the course of their work, especially for collaborative knowledge building.	1
This paper first surveys the current literature on the adoption of institutional repositories, and then outlines a user experience study conducted at a university library in Australia to understand the specific issues for researchers within the institution.	1
A surprising finding of this study was that that the percentage of coauthored articles by prolific authors was considerably lower than that by other two groups of authors.	1
However, it seems that their contribution is reduced to mere presence on the list of editorial boards.	0
Received: 14 July 2022 / Accepted: 12 April 2023 / Published online: 24 April 2023	0
3293 (2015), proposed new criteria, delineating specific desired BI (Table 1).	1
This platform was chosen because it was the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature and delivered a comprehensive overview of the world's re- search output [17].	0
c Department of Epidemiology, National School of Public Health, Oswaldo Cruz Foundation, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil	0
The positive impact on the journal's quality that results from higher submission costs has potential implications for journals' policy, and is in the opposite direction to results of previous models.	1
Distribution of reviewers and articles (published from 1999 to 2013) across biology- and medicine-related subjects.	0
These findings highlight the subjectivity in reviewers' evaluations of grant applications and underscore the difficulty in comparing the evaluations of different applications from different reviewers—which is how peer review actually unfolds.	1
The theoretical argument developed in Section 3 proposed considering research quality as a collective frame of scientific communities that supports communal knowledge production by guiding the assessment of the utility of contributions and their production processes and producers.	1
1 Partial data on the annual percentages of uncited papers and annual values for all kinds of determinant from the 30 international periodicals	0
Missing links in the network are extrapolated through a refined link prediction method, and a weighted resource allocation index ranks both current technologies and their predicted evolutions to reveal candidate innovations for further empirical and/or expert analysis.	1
Our study corroborates these findings but is also the first one to present quantitative evidence on this issue.	1
The author hopes that SLIM's policy and evaluative criteria may become an example followed by other LIS faculties.	1
Our solution identifies coherent keyphrases and key concepts considering the dataset used.	1
Second, our European models suggest there are other, socioeconomic factors that limit the capacity to use and absorb freely accessible knowledge in the knowledge-intensive sectors of low-income regions.	1
2015 ASIS&T Published online 29 April 2015 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The main contributions of our study are twofold.	1
The moderation effect of the research environment quality on the relationship between past and future research excellence.	0
However, the answer may include how management researchers have increasingly and predominantly received rewards for pursuing trivialities that external constituencies find neither accessible nor relevant.	1
Received September 15, 2003; revised January 6, 2004; accepted January 6, 2004	0
Few studies have utilized stock-driven dynamic MFA models to quantify carbon stocks in both supply and demand sectors such as plantation forests and wooden houses, and a model dataset and scenario setup for a comprehensive nature-based climate solution are presented here.	1
The observed patterns not only help us uncover basic mechanisms that govern scientific impact but also offer reliable measures of influence that may have potential policy implications.	1
The topic modeling analysis suggested important results in terms of revealing the trends for the topics, as well as revealing the research tendencies and interests of the articles published in the EAIT journal.	1
This is the pioneering contribution of this study, which provides a more accurate method of evaluating innovation performance.	1
The closest predecessor of the present article is the study by J?rvelin and Vakkari (1993) that covers 1965, 1975, and 1985.	1
Keeping user needs and staff limitations top of mind, Atkins Library launched a project to reframe the approach to increasing participation with the repository: instead of continuing to expect users to deposit works on their own, the library developed a service in which staff could quickly and sustainably deposit works on behalf of users.	1
An ethics waiver for the study has been obtained on 6 April 2018 from the Medical Ethics Review Committee of the Academic Medical Center, University of Amsterdam (reference number W18_112).	0
Based on the spectral properties of the affiliation network, we present a novel operationalization for a set of different diversity indicators already used in bibliometric studies to investigate interdisciplinarity;	1
This last one is significantly low, even though doctorate studies in international universities of excellence are commonplace in these economists' curricula.	1
This research could be a powerful methodological tool for decision-making and innovation management in drug delivery research.	1
Current knowledge on peer review consists of general formulations of its goals and micro level accounts of its practice, while journals' attempts to guide and shape peer review have hardly been investigated so far.	1
The paper was originally presented at the Annual 4S meeting, Amsterdam, November 1988.	0
A variable is lognormally distributed if the logarithm of the variable is normally distributed.	0
Received: 14 February 2022 / Accepted: 19 January 2023 / Published online: 31 January 2023	0
Therefore, it may not be appropriate to make a clear comment for the publica- tions on these recent years.	0
This article discovers a pattern of high-impact researchers in terms of their scientific collaborations, that is, trying to collaborate with more diverse scholars in terms of research topic as well as impact.	1
?This work was supported by the National Science Foundation, Officie of Planning and Resources Management, under Contract NSF-C627.	0
7 School of Economics, Beijing Technology and Business University, Beijing 100048, China	0
They suggest that the new index could truly represent a significant alternative to the many existing h-type indices.	1
The work is made available under the Creative Commons CCO public domain dedication.	0
Despite these limitations, we believe that this paper has the merit of emphasizing that creation of connectivity to the global scientific community is a critical mechanism in the policy rationale of LSRFs.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
Originality/value – This is the first comprehensive article offering a general overview of the leading trends and researchers of the journal over its history.	1
global lead in this future (Lord Mandelson, Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and	0
Both sides claimed victory, but the performance of the uniterm system attracted more notice, for it was novel and challenged the more conventional system.	0
Thus, while both journal editors and authors are generally aware of problems with submissions from NNES authors, especially with regard to writing quality, there has been no clear documentation of the challenges these authors face at each stage of the publication process, nor of journal editors' perceptions of these submissions.	1
Self-links in a co-citation network are usually of no interest, and therefore the main diagonal elements of the co-citation matrices W and W* are set to 0.	0
Despite being closely related, the two approaches exhibit important differences that positions CSA further down the bottom-right corner than WSA.	0
1 Distribution of PSs by geographic areas in 1996, 2006, and 2016	0
In addition, the activity of faculty hiring is often accompanied with a time stamp that manifests the societal needs and interests.	1
Note: The criteria are listed in descending order by their mean ratings.	0
Received November 22, 1983; revised February 1984; accepted May 4, 1984.	0
First, although the concept of free-riding has been explored in various fields, to the best of our knowledge, it has not been explicitly and coherently theorized and empirically tested within the context of academic co-authorship.	1
A temporal and experimental process that incorporates symmetry in network metrics and embedding features to cluster and investigate data, providing a more comprehensive analysis;	1
Based on a large-scale academic survey (N=3704), some new predictors of international research collaboration were identified by multivariate analyses.	1
The proximity of terms can be interpreted as an indication of the similarity of the context in which they occur.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first empirical study on automated mediation and biases in ASM.	1
Overall, our findings identify, counterintuitively, the nonexistence of inherent advantages of highly cited publications in receiving their first citations.	1
By contrast, our study provides a scientometric overview of JCF between 1994 and 2018 for its special issue highlighting 25 years of JCF.	1
For differentiating purpose, this paper adopts the polarity based citation sentiment definition, and refers to the fine-grained definition as citation function analysis.	0
Although author surveys have been conducted by megajournal publishers (Patterson, 2011; PeerJ, 2013), to my knowledge there has not been an independent survey of megajournal authors.	1
A comprehensive evidence-based evaluation can provide a constructive contribution and remedy alike.	1
As experience shows, to better assess the role and trends of each section of accounting science, it is necessary to reasonably differentiate what is a promising direction from what is just a fashionable trend.	0
Second, inferring the gender of scholars with high accuracy on scale that enables comparative analyses between two genders.	1
Trust is enforced off-chain through consensus built by threshold encryption, which is done in a scalable manner by simplified state channels.	1
The remaining preposition variants cluster around different frequencies, the least frequent ones being “after”, “ahead of”, “among”, “as”, “onto”, “up to” and "versus" (0.19 % each).	0
This current study furthers the argument of the need for an emphasis on higher quality studies in the top orthopaedic journals.	1
Table 1 Terms and descriptions of bibliometrics used in the analyses	0
This study provides evidence on the role of scientific references as sources of inspiration through interviews with inventors and assesses the relevance of the scientific non-patent references included in the front page of the patent documents.	1
The authors would also like to thank Esther Germann for proofreading.	0
Originality/value – This is the first study related to examining the research progress in a combined subject domain using multiple aspects including, individual performance, institutional progress, geographical contribution and so on.	1
This research has been funded by the Spanish National R&D Plan (SEJ-2004-08052-C02-01 and CSO-2008-03100/SOCI).	0
This study sought to draw a picture for the future of the LIS field and its sub-fields by analysing 97 years of publication and citation patterns.	1
The bibliometric analysis in this paper will be especially useful in terms of overcoming this limitation, since by using a wider database we will be able to more precisely identify the top countries of the world in tourism, leisure and hospitality research.	1
Because of space limitations in this document, only two themes were chosen for the RIA phrase proximity analysis, and one theme for the JACS phrase proximity analysis.	0
As noted by the orders of magnitude difference in the listed values, it is clear that choosing the critical variables for some social websites for evaluating their scientific nature is quite important due to their preference for social impact other than scientific purposes.	0
Our study confirmed the leading role of South Africa in driving HIV/AIDS research, but also highlighted the contribution of countries such as Uganda, Malawi, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.	1
2018) using macros such us: norm1—normalized 1-mode network, norm2—normalized 2-mode network, norm2p—Newman's normalization of a 2-mode network,	0
The crossed presence of academics in different boards is a phenomenon called interlocking editorship and is considered a proxy of the similarity of editorial policies (Teixeira and Oliveira 2018).	0
However, the analysis also shows that even at this detailed, long-term level of analysis the relationships are far from straightforward.	1
Code availability The code used for this project is available at https://github.com/SamTseng/CATAR.	0
Our preliminary work indicates that we can identify waypoint indicators that provide useful, unique input into funding decisions, as well as increasing public reassurance that their tax dollars are being well spent.	1
These are (i) authors ranking methods, (ii) author credit allocation approaches, and (iii) topic modeling approaches that hold the potential to check similarity between two documents (e.g., research articles).	0
There is a clear USA bias in our data and it is highlighted in the literature (section I).	0
We argue journal editors should work with publishers to lead these changes, as pushing this labor off onto junior scholars and community partners reinforces barriers and the colonialist history of publishing.	1
The main problem of this paper has a methodological nature, and boils down to the creed -cliché, almost – that correlation does not imply causation.	1
We find that the agent's reactions to policies are more diverse than previously suggested in principal-agent theory.	1
All reported P values are 2-tailed and considered significant when less than 0.05.	0
To illustrate the point consider a story, which may be true or fictional.	0
An excellent visualization of this can be seen at http://www.scimagoir.com/ index.php?display=chart.	0
Likewise, the results of our large-scale test relates to the second part of the persuasion hypothesis (persuasion by name-dropping).	1
The Press has taken steps to map out the key sections discussed in this paper, incorporating them into a proposed Press Model for university presses.	1
We discovered a significant Kendall rank correlation between the citation metrics and usage metrics at the article level.	1
Thus, this article contributes to the general question of the social conditions under which scientific communities are transformed by providing a micro-social and egocentric network perspective on these dynamics.	1
However, till date, there has been no evaluation of institutes conducting residency programs in neurology and neurosurgery on the basis of their publication performance and research output.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
This analysis demonstrates the utility of network metrics to understand collaboration, identifies patterns in collaboration and reveals opportunities for additional exploration in academic emergency medicine whilst showing the limitation of our dataset.	1
Our study seeks to add a longitudinal dimension to the ongoing debate on the implications of competitive research funding by focusing on the incremental adjustment of the funder/fundee relationship around a common discursive practice that consists in describing and evaluating research projects.	1
1 The notion which we retain of core is that which is successively and conjointly validated by the experts and by the major databases representative of the field.	0
Consequently we propose applying a multiple evidence combination method used in text retrieval to combine different ranking lists to obtain MIS journal rankings (cf.	1
Compared with the previous works of determining the influencing factors of citation, this paper focuses on the influence of the topic characteristics of the article on its citation trend.	1
Aral Okay thanks the Turkish Academy of Sciences for financial support.	0
Particularly, it realizes a process of deriving the complex "scale-free" property from the simple "yes/no" decisions.	1
More detail on this is presented in Table 3 which indicates the difference it makes when broadening the citation sources beyond Web of Science.	0
Policy Unit, the Wellcome Trust, 210 Euston Road, London NW1 2BE, UK	0
The contribution of co-authorship to science in the field of mathematical finance still remains blurred; to the best of our knowledge, this is the first study on co-authorship in the field of mathematical finance.	1
The paper, author, and institution relationships are combined in this figure, but they can be disaggregated to show only the papers (Figure 2), authors (Figure 3), or institutions.	0
The columns in both Figure 4 and Figure 5 denote the average values of the groups.	0
Trends of self-citing rates of 11 plastic surgery journals from 2009-2015.	0
The identified trends would allow setting strategies, synergies and scientific and technologic policies for research and decision making in those countries where the species is considered as important.	1
We call this third domain “interpersonal intellectual virtues.”	1
I am surprised at the extent of this immediacy phenomenon and what to indicate its significance.	0
This study represents the most detailed analysis of academic productivity in US Pediatric Surgery programs to date.	1
To measure this influx of authors and organisations we define two quantities New First Authors (NFA) and New First main Organisations (NFO).	1
In this paper, exploiting a natural experiment that quasi-randomly allocates new peers to departments, we first provide causal evidence of the existence of peer effects.	1
We downloaded all records and number of citations for each paper for each year into spreadsheet software, and manipulated them using Microsoft Excel 2013 [16].	0
The Indian Science Reports Portal is an attempt to develop a framework for assessment of these activities by using scientometric tools and presenting them in an organised, simple and easily accessible format.	1
For example, the introduced field bow-tie decomposition of DBLP Computer Science Bibliography substantially differs from the rest due to the coverage of the database, while the citation information within arXiv.org is the most exhaustive.	1
Note: Values indicate incidence rate ratios (IRR); *** represents p<0.001, ** represents p<0.01, * represents p<0.05	0
an evaluation indicator system of OA journals from two dimensions of academic influence and societal influence is constructed too.	1
Received November 17, 2020; Revised December 10, 2020; Accepted December 11, 2020.	0
Motivated by the scandal, we believe that this is one of the first empirical studies of questionable authorship practices (QAPs) in East Asian academia; we investigate Taiwanese researchers' perceptions of QAPs.	1
We would like to acknowledge that these metrics do not necessarily reflect the quality of the research produced or the excellence of researchers, as it will vary from one discipline to another.	0
Figure 2: Ratio of UI papers of the top 10 countries	0
Our conceptualisation of two opposed fragmentation types elucidates in more detail to what extent the IS discipline achieves active and ongoing balancing processes between lateral dissolution tendencies (lateral fragmentation) in the KNI network periphery and manifesting hierarchies and elites at the network core (hierarchical fragmentation) that restrain the important accommodation processes of new influences in the rapidly evolving and dynamic IS field (Bryant, 2008; Merton, 1968).	1
is (k + 1) x 1) and which corrects for much of these induced biases in regression parameter estimates in widely used existing models.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first research on energy literature analyzed in the context of the green economy model.	1
There is a lack of knowledge on how countries that have more recently been building or rebuilding higher education and research sectors are interfacing with scholarly journal publishing.	1
We would like to thank the anonymous referees for their important suggestions and to John McBurney for his helpful proofreading comments.	0
Here, we propose two possible explanations for this phenomenon.	1
With the rise of social media, altmetric scores may provide an alternative assessment tool.	1
We contribute to the literature by proposing a different network approach to explore the impact of co-activity in academia on the publishing and patenting performance of scientists.	1
Our findings are contradictory to those in one recent study22 that evaluated PubMed data from 125 orthopedic surgery residencies to assess if dedicated resident research time, specifically that given to residents in longitudinal fashion, increased research productivity.	1
Considering the scarce knowledge concerning the citation behavior of young scientific fields, the following questions arose.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first randomized controlled trial to demonstrate how an intervention can be used to increase citations of peer-reviewed articles after they have been published.	1
This paper is hence interesting in providing a systematic and comprehensive survey of cryptography using quantitative methods and techniques; which empirically access the research impact (Gl?nzel and Moed 2002), analyze emerging trends of the given field of research (Chen et al.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:277069 []	0
The self-citing rate is a/(a + b); the self-cited rate is a/(a+c).	0
First, this study used a causal inference approach to investigate the causal (rather than correlational) relationship between international research collaboration and the policy impact of research.	1
Since academic recruitment practices are often treated with a high degree of confidentiality and sensitivity (Van Den Brink, 2010), the study also provides unique opportunity to gain new insights into an otherwise closed realm of evaluation and selection.	1
To our knowledge, this study is the first to use bibliometric analyses in the field of remote sensing in Vietnam.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this was the first randomized controlled trial to demonstrate that an intervention can be used to increase citations of peer-reviewed articles after they have been published.	1
Acknowledgements This work is supported in part by Major Projects of National Social Science Foundation of China (No.	0
Acknowledgments The research for this article was funded by the Swedish Research Council through the framework grant Knowledge in a Digital World: Trust, Credibility and Relevance on the Web (Olsson, PI).	0
In this study, two further approaches (CP-IN and CP-EX) are introduced which are oriented towards the usual percentile rank definition: PR x is defined as the CC (at or) below which x% of the papers in the combination of publication year and subject category falls.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:393177 []	0
To circumvent the lack of citations of the original papers where DFT has been introduced, we use the following premise: instead of studying the citations of the original DFT papers, we analyze the citations of the 31 most used solid state and electronic structure computational packages which have DFT as the underlying theory.	1
Holsapple, Gatton College of Business and Economics, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506, USA.	0
First, we contribute to the literature of scientific relatedness at the topic level (i.e.	1
Through keyword analysis, we found that the trendy of GMF-related research has been shifted from a pure technological perspective to a combination of technology, food safety and public acceptance.	1
Our analysis demonstrates that investment in both craniofacial surgery and craniofacial orthodontics fellowship was the highest predictor of academic success, regardless of how success was defined (Table 2).	1
In conclusion, this study gives the first systematic evidence to confirm prior speculation (Harzing, 2013; Martín-Martín et al., 2018; Mingers & Lipitakis, 2010; Prins et al., 2016) that citation data in GS has reached a high level of comprehensiveness, because the gaps of coverage in GS found by the earliest studies that analysed GS data have now been filled.	1
The novelty of our study is big size of data.	1
We thank Mike Hague and NUVI analytics (nuvi.com) for help with data collection.	0
Palmer is Assistant Librarian at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis; e-mail: klpalmer@iupui.edu.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Some publications belong to more than one subject category, and if these subject categories do not belong to the same field, we selected the first field.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Our findings indeed contributed to a comprehensive understanding of research articles' title elements, as well as their influence on publication metrics, particularly in communication scholarship.	1
Review of Environmental Economics and Policy, volume 3, issue 2, summer 2009, pp.	0
The relative citation ratio (RCR) as a novel bibliometric among 2511 academic orthopedic surgeons	1
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
The authors are with the Department of Management, University of Houston, Houston, TX 77004.	0
The authors would like thank the National Research Foundation of Korea for the support in finance (Grant: 2011-0031645).	0
Ethics should be a new dimension added into the university ranking systems, as it is an undisputable right of the public and all the parties involved in higher education to have an ethical evaluation of the university's achievements.	1
Thus far, research on the efficacy of non-monetary rewards has been limited and barely absent in the context of peer review.	1
Our analysis quantifies, for the first time, the evolution of research topics within the same research cycle, as represented in the abstracts of a grant and its linked publications.	1
To address the aforementioned research gap, we analyze Facebook likes as a potential early indicator of the impact of unpublished scientific manuscripts that are uploaded on the Internet but not yet published in a journal.	1
Therefore, the current study is an attempt to contribute to this trend of studies that address the role of national awards in the scientific research system.	1
In addition, this research has shown how to use MCDM in the measurement of research performance by using objective methods with different backgrounds.	1
But let us start with the question of whether our results are sufficiently “surprising."	0
We believe that our data make a compelling case for there being a meaningful discrepancy in outcomes between papers authored by men and women.	1
Six, seven, and twenty countries had no first author, corresponding author, and first-author publications, respectively.	0
CM Chen acknowledges WC Liu for his Perl script to extract WoS data from CDs.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first paper to identify a cohort of pediatric surgeons that have obtained NIH funding, examine their academic productivity, and delineate factors that have contributed to their eventual success.	1
Table 1 Characterisation of the African studies journal sample (core + JCAS)	0
The answers to these two questions are related, and in what follows some tentative explanations are offered.	0
For this reason, there is a constantly increasing demand for scientific assessment (Moed, 2017).	0
There is a second gap in the literature that needs attention.	1
The funders had no role in the design of the study; in the collection, analyses, or interpretation of data; in the writing of the manuscript; or in the decision to publish the results.	0
We have presented a new RTFQE technique for retrieving relevant papers.	1
It may also be useful for communication researchers who may need a science tree of their discipline to research career orientation purposes.	0
American Sociological Association is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Sociology of Education.	0
We argue that China will be unable to achieve its goal of becoming a world-class product innovator unless it fully implements and standardizes policies that encourage the growth of its emerging technology sectors.	1
First, this study promotes a scholarly awareness of conceptual overlaps and distinctions of terms that characterise the research on emerging organizations.	1
We contribute to a growing body of research on the organization of science and knowledge production (Jones and Weinberg, 2011; Singh and Fleming, 2010; Stephan, 2012; Walsh and Lee, 2015) by studying how two pervasive trends - increasing team size and interdisciplinarity – are related to the internal organization of teams.	1
For example, we found records with such author locations as 'Buenos Aires, United Arab Emirates', 'Westbury-On-Trym, Bristol, United Arab Emirates' and 'Glasgow, United Arab Emirates'.	0
In this sense, these are the top three economics departments in Australia and New Zealand in per capita terms.	0
Nevertheless, to the extent of our knowledge, this is the first article that analyzes and highlights the initial development of this new discipline that is TE in otorhinolaryngology and provides a very useful perspective for those who want to get started in it.	1
However, despite the increase in scholarly publications, no attempts have been made to summarize the publication landscape and identify work that has had great impact on physical activity and aging research.	1
The research was in part conducted while the author was a postdoctoral fellow supported by the Sloan Foundation.	0
This last reflection can suggest some ways of empirically testing the model proposed here.	1
The two theories of the relationship of recombination to innovation are not being tested here.	0
Data Availability Statement: The data are available in Figshare (https://figshare.com/articles/dataset/ PONE-D-19-35305R1_Data_xlsx/14315591).	0
The theoretical implication of the study is that social network analysis can be used for the optimization of a subject directory by adjusting parent-child relationships and related connections between categories (subcategories) based on the semantic connections of the subject directory.	1
This formula is not only interesting for n = 1; also for small n it can yield better founded values for the weights.	0
This finding confirms the assertion of other researchers1?	1
2Department of Information Management, Faculty of Economics and Management, East China Normal University, Shanghai 200241, China	0
First, we measure long-run citations over a 20 year period.	1
Citation: Peoples BK, Midway SR, Sackett D, Lynch A, Cooney PB (2016) Twitter Predicts Citation Rates of Ecological Research.	0
Muslim-majority nations are no exception, but their contributions to global science have been understudied.	1
The research presented in the current study makes several useful contributions to the existing body of knowledge of generative AI academic research and has useful implications for the practitioners working in this domain.	1
Keywords: peer review; group size; research assessment exercise; research quality; research productivity.	0
Just as a third mission has been identified for universities, a 'fourth mission' of hospitals can be seen to consist, in general terms, of innovation and knowledge transfer.	1
Our findings demonstrate a significant deficiency in the previous criteria relating to princes based on co-citations.	1
The present study, however, includes a longitudinal set-up comparing three major orthodontic journals over a period of 10 years.	1
When the ruins of the current civilization are excavated a few millennia hence, there will be no shards of pottery evident, but rather vaults filled with masses of typed lists, great heaps of swollen filing cabinets and whole mountains of neatly punched IBM cards.	0
Publisher’s Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
For reprints and permissions queries, please visit SAGE's Web site at http://www.sagepub.com/journalsPermissions.nav	0
After which we construct two novel citation sentence-based networks, namely the Direct Citation Sentence (DCS) network and the Indirect Citation Sentence (ICS) network.	1
This method is not unusual since studies have sought to understand trends by identifying opinion leaders in a field to augment findings of surveys, etc.	0
We analyze the knowledge support capacity of previous studies from three aspects: the quantity, timeliness, and textual support of references.	1
Received May 1, 2010; Accepted July 21, 2010; Published August 16, 2010	0
This conceptualization allows us to elaborate the changes taking place in the sciences with respect to discip- linary identity formation and to discuss how different modes of interdisciplinary knowledge production are emerging (Heimeriks and Leydesdorff 2012).	1
Note that universities from Cambodia (Royal University of Phnom Penh) and Laos (National University of Laos) were excluded from the table because these universities only had one publication.	0
1 School of Information Management, Central China Normal University, Wuhan 430079, China	0
Conflict of Interest: JSM is published by Wiley-Blackwell, a division of John Wiley & Sons, on behalf of the International Society for Sexual Medicine.	0
DPE distinguishes previous measures by considering not only direct citations but also indirect citations between disciplines, which were ignored in previous measures, and reveals that the knowledge contribution of some disciplines had been underestimated by previous measures, such as Physics and Engineering.	1
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.	0
6 SentiStrength is freely available for research purposes, and its lexicons can be adapted to the field of interest.	0
Source: Most of these data are available from Hadavand, Hamermesh, and Wilson (2024).	0
Received: 3 July 2023 Revised: 1 December 2023 Accepted: 19 December 2023	0
As one contribution of this paper, we used an optimized topic-sensitive PageRank algorithm, PageRank with Priors (PRP), to determine the topical ranking scores of scientific publications and authors.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
By visualizing the intellectual map of IS research, our study provides useful information for researchers entering the field and helps them to identify the main approaches and areas of interest.	1
Palabras clave: Análisis de la información; publicación científica; veterinaria; divulgación científica (Fuente: EuroVoc).	0
This study also confirms that multi-disciplinary journals are at a disadvantage in citations compared with specialized journals from the perspective of single papers.	1
Diana Hicks is a professor and chair of the School of Public Policy, Georgia Tech.	0
We have identified and analyzed all neuropharmacology articles published since the 1990s.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 2011	0
Abbreviations: IF – impact factor, WoS – Web of Science, Equation – Eq.	0
Keywords: research evaluation; scientometrics; bibliometrics; citation analysis; dimensions of citations; sociology of science	0
With regard to policy-makers, our novel operationalization of interdisciplinarity provides guidance for developing and monitoring the impact of science and innovation policies that are able to foster interdisciplinary research and emerging technologies.	1
in this article, similar developments have taken place in Canadian universities (Polster and Newson 2015) and European universities (Maassen and Stensaker 2011).	0
The authors thank our reviewer for highlighting the need for an article-level analysis, and for attracting our attention to the limited neuroscience contribution in the initial models.	0
However, no scientometrics analysis of thermal tolerance research has been conducted to date.	1
Some questions naturally arise as to the objectivity of this measure: first, what is a "typical" year and how does one determine a "typical" year?	0
We have argued that this requires a system-level change rather than blaming individual academics who make poor choices in their desire to achieve promotion and direct incentives, or chastising universities for developing policies and practices of direct reward that mimic that of the DHET.	1
The author is president of the Institute for Scientific Information, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19106.	0
Figure 1: The three-level review system for academic journals in China	0
Address for correspondence Lauren Tracy Daly, MD, Department of Plastic Surgery, University of California, Irvine, 200 S.	0
A binary logistic regression model was used to estimate the probability of disruption.	0
To our knowledge, the metric properties of impact assessment ques- tionnaires have not been studied to date.	1
Simulated rank for top 100 institutions according to overall ranks in India Rankings.	0
It was found that countries, like ECRs, appear to have formed into two different camps, with China, Poland, France, and Spain joining Malaysia in the camp of those who felt concerned about these publishers and the UK, US, Israel, and Australia belonging to the camp of the unconcerned.	1
We also present the first systematic study of the possible bias by field of the PageRank score (Brin & Page, 1998) and of its age-rescaled version introduced by Mariani et al.	1
By reflecting on the qualitative analysis along with the results of the quantitative part, this study reveals the extent to which actors impacted the form evaluative homogeneity took within the system.	1
Tabulations were made of the numbers of papers from each country or the LFR region(s) within the country for each of the eight years, and of the total from all the LFRs combined.	0
The final journal ranking reveals which journals individually and in clusters are better at contributing to the development of heterodox economics.	0
The next section proposes criteria for judging rankings.	1
Practically all organic matter is formed from long-chain molecules, and such matter has been used and treated by mankind from the very beginning of time.	0
The first science funding system originated in Germany, in the middle ages of Europe.	0
Using the data of F1000 (FFa) we have the unique opportunity to investigate the relationship between peers' ratings and bibliometric metrics on a broad and comprehensive data set with high-quality ratings.	1
Finally, I thank Mary Kelley-Bibra for her great help in improving the English of the text.	0
b MSE and ECE Departments, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA	0
Conflict of interest: Georg Heinze is statistical editor of Transplant International since 2015.	0
These findings reveal how academic publishers use product differentiation and price strategies to increase sales and profits in the digital era, often at the expense of university and scientific stakeholders.	1
The main objective of this study is to find out the underlying reasons and/or factors that influence collaboration, a situation that may explain the quantitative results (e.g.	1
However, the perspective of active researchers on the impact of competitive research funding on science has not been explored yet.	1
The details of the selected journals are listed in Table 1.2	0
After almost 15 years since the foundation of KMRP by the Operations Research Society, the scientometric analysis in this study portrays a comprehensive picture of the growth, structure, interrelationships, and productivity of the published research activities within the journal.	1
However, in Vietnam, to the best of our knowledge, there has not been a comprehensive study describing the overall picture of published research in different fields, related to Industry 4.0.	1
Furthermore, we demonstrated that mapping all entities to the same vector space using a node embedding method can predict future research indices in Table 9.	1
Figure 1 Number of original articles, review articles, letters, editorials and proceedings published in medical education in ISI indexed journals from GCC countries.	0
In this context, a category considered “young” or “old” refers to age in the network only, not age as a discipline.	0
Table 3 Highly-cited (> 100 citations) journalistic papers published in 2020-2022 by non-researcher authors who have been prolific in their affiliated journals (>200 papers published in that journal)	0
In these queries, the quotation marks (‘‘’’) were used to search for an exact phrase, asterisk (*) represents any group of characters or no character, and Boolean operators were used to modulate inclusion or exclusion of documents from the search results.	0
These results offer important insights and benchmarks for future institutional research training programs.	1
Acknowledgments This material is based, in part, upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Cooperative Agreement No.	0
The intention here is to shed additional light on the performance of insti- tutions within the University of Belgrade, by implementing percentile-based indicators (both at the article and journal level).	1
I express my gratitude to Karen Shashok for editing the language and for comments that greatly improved the manuscript.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wmrs20	0
It thus becomes important to investigate the current place and role of ASNSs in scientific inquiry.	1
The present study covered all major (common) publication types in PubMed, the largest publicly accessible database of biomedical literature with currently more than 33 million citations, without restrictions, e.g., limitation to specific journals and/or research fields/topics or clinical specialties.	1
Conflict of interest We have no known conflict of interest to disclose.	0
Keywords Patents · R&D efficiency · GERD · BERD · Albuquerque model Indicators	0
Our investigations clarify why the h-index is not independent.	1
The 60 publishers are listed at the Appendix A of this article.	0
While previous studies on big data have taken social or economic perspectives (Blazquez and Domenech 2017), this study fills this gap to extend and examine new types of big data research and deals with scholarly research activities combining social, economic, political, and academic elements (Park 2014b; Phillips 2014).	1
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on April 3, 2015	0
A trend in the development of the service was to add specialties that cater to interests of HEP, although the growth of the system has stretched to other communities.	0
Citation: Salazar Miranda A, Claudel M (2021) Spatial proximity matters: A study on collaboration.	0
3 Scaled distribution in lower rank for each subject category: a SCI high impact factor; b SCI low impact factor; c SSCI high impact factor; d SSCI low impact factor	0
This study provides a pioneering analysis based on an integrated approach to merchandising as a marketing tool, from conceptual, evolutionary and thematic points of view.	1
These results show that analytics can complement the tenure decision-making process in academia and improve the prediction of academic impact.	1
Received 16 June 2023; Received in revised form 19 January 2024; Accepted 26 January 2024	0
This article introduces a new approach based on the reciprocal direct influence of all pairs of a list of journals.	1
Very few studies have empirically addressed the implications of the soundness-based peer-review policy applied by OAMJS.	1
In addition, the utilization of MRI in the Arab countries is not well understood.	1
No detailed regulations beyond the general structure of the Editorial Board have ever been formulated.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly credited.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
The data can be accessed through end-user interfaces, widgets, and APIs of Plum analytics.	0
Taking all this into account, the currently practised model of target agreements proved to be a suitable instrument to implement the university's research strategy in the humanities and social sciences.	1
In this study, we proposed and test a data-driven and model-free approach based on quantile regressions for estimating citation ageing.	1
Investing in sophisticated methodologies for any one indicator, or creating a new monitoring industry, are not likely to yield adequate societal returns on investment, and will do nothing to stimulate innovative thinking, new insights or fair allocation of resources or personal promotion to those who produce original thought.	1
A Plagiarism Scoring Rubric that can address possible combinations of the seven plagiarism dimensions is more valuable than rubrics that cannot.	1
In Section 2, the basic features of and the rationale for the adopted framework are elaborated.	0
Note: The p values of R, are at greater than the.	0
The study contributes to the limited research on the gendered nature of scholarly practices in tourism academia (Munar et al., 2017).	1
It provides a foundation for further research on titles as well as resources for librarians and scholars.	1
We hope our analysis opens a new avenue towards the understanding of the mechanisms of scientific development as well as its relationship to economic prosperity.	1
Juris Dilevko is on the Faculty of Information Studies at the University of Toronto; e-mail: dilevko@fis.utoronto.ca.	0
This article describes our effort to measure the research competitiveness of Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research (IISERs) through a scientometric analysis of their research output during the last five years (2010–14).	1
The novelty of this particular study is that it examines not only the ethnicity of who is asked to review for major journals in psychology over a 10-year period but also how those being asked to review respond to these requests.	1
Hoffherr European Commission Joint Research Centre, Institute for the Protection and Security of the Citizen, Via E.Fermi, 2749 I - 21027 Ispra (VA), Italy e-mail: fabrizio.natale@jrc.ec.europa.eu	0
Using information about institutional affiliation, we could distinguish persons with the same name.	0
The rest of our article proceeds with the description of the methods with which we constructed the dataset and addressed our research questions, than we describe the measures we used and the theoretical reasons underpinning their adoption.	0
The citations were collected in May 2003 and thus included all the times an article was cited from time of publication through time of collection.	0
LR01, longitudinal R01 grant; NS, not significant; R01, NIH Research Project Grant Program; SR01, stacked R01 grant; TTURC, Transdisciplinary Tobacco Research Use Center	0
we introduce a new interpretative framework in which the acknowledgments are intended as positioning signals exchanged by researchers.	1
We then study the cross-discipline effects by constructing an academic network that maps the level of cross-discipline content in the journals of eighteen different academic disciplines:	1
This section develops a framework to analyze whether funding agencies are biased against, or in favor of, any personal attribute of the pool of applicants.	1
Analogously, we identify an emotional and intellectual vulnerability in the review process and the loosening of the structures reviewers traditionally call upon in making value-determinations that simultaneously facilitate their role as impact evaluators and create new modalities in scholarly distinction.	1
The first topic is the analysis of WoS subject categories, performed by various authors to tackle different research questions.	0
In the past, few indicators have been presented with their histogram, however, now more indices are visualized.	1
In addition a number of foreign firms have established R&D centers in India.	0
As the examples above, except that the full text is not available.	0
Thus, as we can observe from a deep exploration of the empirical literature, more empirical evidence is needed to complete the analysis concerning the simultaneous interaction between scientific collaboration, geographical proximity and different talents at departmental level.	1
We believe that given these realistic limitations, we have created a reproducible and meaningful residency research ranking system that will allow programs to evaluate their progress both against their peers and within their own system over time.	1
We also briefly present Abbott's and Foucault's ideas and how they inform this study.	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
targeting very high-level publications) clearly curbs interaction between the research community and society and particularly hinders transfer efforts, participatory approaches and, more generally speaking, the establishment or maintenance of a 'direct route' for exchanges between local researchers and local stakeholders.	1
Table values indicate the percent of papers with errata (N = 557) having at least one erratum of a given type and severity.	0
We have analyzed these publications with a particular focus on article trends, authors, and institutions using a novel bibliometric approach.	1
The current article presents a program of research involving two studies that explore how reviewers' roles impact their scrutiny regarding potential questionable research practices (QRPs), a classification of research practices that are increasingly becoming considered detrimental to scientific inquiry.	1
Introducing a comprehensive graph construction framework tailored for imbalanced datasets using scalable k-nearest neighbor (kNN) based edge generation with a novel balanced neighbor sampling methodology that ensures each node's neighbors are balanced between legitimate and fraud instances during graph construction, addressing the class imbalance challenge at its core.	1
In this article, we will take the analysis a step further by looking at the possible asymmetric reactions of the system for the G7 countries.	1
For this analysis we group together Mathematics with Computer Sciences and Psychology with Social Sciences.	0
The authors wish to acknowledge the full cooperation of all three equivalents services suppliers in the performance of this study, particularly IFI Plenum for making the INPADOC files freely available.	0
By classifying academic institutions into improving, mobilizing and thriving translational research profiles allows for a universal metric of translation of science from basic or bench to practice or policy.	1
The results obtained from the analysis seem to support the thesis about the usefulness of the normative theory with reference to high citation counts, notwithstanding a potentially strong constructivist reason guiding the citing behavior.	1
*For clarity, STRESS I and RSQ values for three-dimensional solutions are not shown.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study addressing predatory journals in this field.	1
Reviewed by: Hiroshi Morimatsu, Okayama University, Japan Gianluca Villa, University of Florence, Italy	0
Ngoaketsi (ngoakmj@ unisa.ac.za) is based at the Department of Information Science, University of South Africa Muckleneuk Campus, Pretoria, South Africa.	0
This study represents one of the first attempts to use empirical analysis to estimate productivity measures in academia.	1
This paper is a revised and extended version of the paper entitled "The thesis paradox: an empirical investigation on the impact of doctoral research" that was originally presented at the 9th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators, held in Leuven, Belgium, in September 2006.	0
All authors made substantial and equivalent contributions to the conception and design, data acquisition, analysis and interpretation, and the drafting and revision of this paper.	0
For the sake of brevity the Tables present the results for the five most cited articles only (See footnote 1).	0
Funding: This research was funded by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action as part of the project “Low Carbon Leakage” (project numbers 03EI1024A and 03EI1024B).	0
Our study serves as a stress test for the three journal types.	1
However, information regarding scientific contribution and publications in vascular surgery in both Europe and US is still lacking.	1
The author appreciates the valuable comments from the editors for improvement to the article.	0
When problems fall into more than 1 category, each category receives a check mark.	0
There are three main contributions in this paper.	1
The concluding section summarizes the original contributions of this paper, focusing the attention on the relevant implications, limitations and ideas for future research.	0
The top 20 countries by volume of international co-authorship are shown in Fig.	0
As such, our partly empirical and partly conceptual paper provides three main contributions to the field.	1
NOTES: The 17 economics journals listed are identified as leading journals in our analysis.	0
In this article, we aim to rectify these disconnects between macro-historical theories of scientific change and micro-level quantitative studies of scientific work.	1
The public release of the CORE API Client significantly impacts the academic community by enhancing the accessibility and efficiency of accessing the vast collection of open-access scientific literature provided by the CORE aggregator.	1
Through a survey of the literature, we find a lack of literature on how different specialties communicate with one another within a discipline from the perspective of author citation relations.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
For this, we analyzed each journal's balance of trade.	1
In this paper, we argue that this step is far from trivial.	1
This paper is organized as follows: we will first review current studies on automated citation sentiment analysis and relevant scientometrics and linguistics studies that inspired the automated analysis.	0
In the present article, we have turned to the empirical context of public research to trace role-model learning and begin to provide an individual-level account for the transfer of non-codified knowledge.	1
Factors such as political, economical, cultural differences and linguistic barriers have played an determining role in this isolation.	0
Keywords: research evaluation; assessing interdisciplinarity; research knowledge diffusion; science overlay map; social network analysis.	0
On the other hand, we tackle our research question by using two different datasets: the World Bank and the OECD data, which allow us to cross validate our results.	1
The curricula vitae of 93 successful applicants responding to the survey included the year they received the PhD.	0
Using the recently introduced IDCP (Inequality due to Differences in Citation Practices) method, this paper rigorously tests the performance of six cited-side normalization procedures based on the Thomson Reuters classification system consisting of 172 sub-fields.	1
Author Contributions: This article was originally conceived and designed by L.J.	0
The motivation for using network-based indices is to provide a fair chance to such novice authors, publications of whom have yet to receive the due number of citations; however, the quality of their research work makes them quite eligible to be considered for prominent positions.	1
All authors contributed to the writing of the manuscript and all authors approved the final copy before submission.	0
This study represents the first attempt to examine the role of Altmetrics in the Implantology literature, in particular, their relationship with traditional bibliometrics such as journal impact factor and citation counts.	1
Finally, the existing review papers have not revealed the current research hotspots, cooperative networks, development trends and other key issues in the field of SVM.	1
4 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
Competing interest The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
It endeavors to make a threefold contribution to the existing literature on the tenure system in higher education: First, the prior studies emphasize how the tenure track affects the academic output (e.g.	1
Given that the crude number of publications and citation indexes are almost uniformly utilized as the major criteria for publication productivity evaluation both within and across countries, our study fills an important gap in our understanding of publication productivity in Central Asia.	1
In other words, ca - index (r) measures the impact of the research of a given author r not, in the usual way, as a function of the total number of citations received during his/her activity, but rather in terms of the number of distinct authors, excluding the coauthors and the author himself, that cited the results achieved by r.	0
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
2015) and the study of research excellence (Vessuri, Guédon and Cetto 2014; Bianco, Gras and Sutz 2016).	1
Few studies however provide an in-depth examination of scientific NPRs and the extent to which these references actually reflect sources of inspiration.	1
In addition, the following novel predictions, developed in this work, were empirically tested:	1
Our findings advance the understanding of cheating in online environments, and suggest that replacing traditional honor codes with warnings could be a simple and effective way to deter cheating in online courses and online labor marketplaces.	1
We introduce breadth relevance to complement their concept of depth relevance.	1
Note: The values in bold indicate evidence for a relationship based on a Bonferroni-corrected p-value (p >.207, p < .005).	0
Data are presented as means with 95 per cent confidence intervals.	0
Next, we present our data and analytical approach and then give a short description for each of the centers in our study.	0
In contrast, this study's findings suggest that higher-funded projects focus on research with traditional topics, while lower-funded projects tend to fund research on emerging topics.	1
Received 15 February 2022; Accepted 15 April 2022; Published 25 April 2022	0
Table 11 Reliability of data collection techniques used in articles that used statistical methods in Arabic LIS journals	0
A substantially higher than expected proportion of these obesity publications were highly cited based on their publication year and journal subject category, suggesting that NHLBI-funded obesity publications are widely recognized and influential.	1
Second, by combining information from different systems, I obtain more accurate ratings than are currently available from any single source.	1
Many scientists were respected by people and science has made great development in the twentieth century.	0
This dual-dimensional assessment aims to provide a more comprehensive evaluation of the scientific contributions of research papers.	1
Role of the Sponsor: The sponsors had no role in the design and conduct of the study; in the collection, analysis, and interpretation of the data; or in the preparation, review, or approval of the manuscript.	0
Our study focuses on in-group affiliation as a potential theoretical mechanism which can create bias in academic journals.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 191412 []	0
Here, I explored papers' feature values, which should correlate to their future possibility of being cited in future patents, proposed two indicators based on the papers' references, and compared them to show which is preferred as an indicator of technological relevance.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Bartlomiej Barczynski on 20 February 2019.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
However, to our knowledge there are currently no studies that have examined research trends within neuropsychiatry by use of bibliometric analysis.	1
* Corresponding author at: Address: 50, Yonsei-ro, Seodaemun-Gu, Seoul, 03722, Republic of Korea.	0
Thus, the notion that journals indexed in WOS database with the help of self- citation are well established is incorrect, but the authors' self- citation for articles in medical journals published in WOS are most likely to increase the impact factor of these journals.	1
In this paper we proposed a framework for evaluating evaluation measures.	1
cWE omit articles written only by authors with no academic affiliation	0
Second, publications from these two comprehensive periodicals were classified according to different disciplines, which makes a comparative analysis between OPR and non-OPR articles convenient and constitutes a second reason for which these journals were selected.	1
However, in this article, the proposition is to explore a different path from regulation: the path of institutional public policy of scientific divulgation through social networks.	1
degree, closeness and betweenness) of the co-authors of actors as a proxy for their structural positions.	1
Therefore, the literature review states that there is a lack of gender-based bibliometric research at LIS journals which highlights the importance of conducting gender-based bibliometric analysis at individual or collective LIS journals.	1
Motivated by the observations above, we propose the novel method AIRank to evaluate the scientific impact of scholars.	1
As discussed above, this is the first study presenting and discussing study results on co-word and SNA in lodging research in the hospitality and tourism field.	1
The remaining sections of this paper are structured as follows: in “Related works” section, we study the literature and overview the related works.	0
The present study computed fourteen distinct metrics based on the author-count.	1
We perform a comprehensive network analysis on a large scientific corpus of collaboration and citations (97,688 papers with 1,862,500 citations from 170 million scientific records) to quantify the success trajectory of innovative drug development.	1
The mean values represent the level of agreement from 1 = strongly disagree to 5 = strongly agree.	0
We thank several colleagues who have reviewed these formulations; in particular, Kevin Boyack who suggested changes to the integration calculation.	0
What is not apparent in the ranking in Figure 1, however, is how fast China's number has grown.	0
Topics crossed various subfields and represented only those dissertation efforts which culminated in degree attainment.	0
EC Supplemental Figures 3 and 4 and Tables 4, 5, and 6 are available with the online version of this journal.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
3 College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300350, China	0
This paper uses a bibliometric analysis method to probe into the evolution of China's science and technology policies from 1949 to 2010, and the roles of core government agencies in policy-making.	1
Indeed, a whole picture may not be obtained if the review purely focuses on methods and models.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 1, 2001 191	0
To cite this article: Marek Kwiek (2020): What large-scale publication and citation data tell us about international research collaboration in Europe: changing national patterns in global contexts, Studies in Higher Education, DOI: 10.1080/03075079.2020.1749254	0
The overall trend and also the productivity measures of the Cuban scientific output in foreign and national-certified scholarly journals were provided, bringing for the first time real data on yearly output in both types of sources.	1
For this purpose we started by proposing a new conceptual framework that combines contributions from the literature on the impact of proximity on knowledge transmission and network building, with recent research on mobility and knowledge circulation, in order to explain the potential relevance of long-term mobility for knowledge network building.	1
4 Cited articles with only one citation were excluded from the analysis to simplify data processing.	0
An estimation of the h-index is proposed for cases when the original variable underlying the distribution for which the h-index had been determined was rescaled.	1
Second, this study uses Poisson regression analysis to convert traditional innovation performance items into numerical variables, which helps to identify the essence of the innovation.	1
is a consultant for TEI Biosciences and an educational consultant for Johnson-Johnson— Mentor.	0
Fourth, this study contributes to the literature on the evolution of science, which concerns intertemporal changes in the patterns of scientific knowledge production (Bourdieu, 1975; Foster et al., 2015; Kuhn, 1977; Whitley, 1984).	1
a Department of Pathology, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands	0
This approach is new and it allows us to compare scholars working in different fields.	1
Note: There is an updated version (August, 2023) of this article on the author's website: https://works.bepress.com/diana_hicks/58	0
This study is one of the first that uses the recently introduced open access (OA) labels in the Web of Science (WoS) metadata to investigate whether OA articles published in Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) listed journals experience a citation advantage in comparison to subscription journal articles, specifically those of which no self-archived versions are available.	1
The workflow of our in-house editing team depicts an implementable and practical model system for providing quality manuscript editing service by combining personalized editorial assistance by in-house editors and targeted quality control of external editing service providers.	1
For an easier distinction of the curves, symbols are displayed only at the ranks 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, and 512.	0
It is difficult to draw any meaningful conclusions from usage data alone (see table 4).	0
When executed over a big corpus the statistics are reliable to calculate the similarity between entities, However, from this semantic matrix, we cannot directly calculate similarities between articles.	0
Only twenty-five authors (as first author or co-author) contributed five or more papers.	0
a All = Gold + Hybrid Gold + Bronze + Only Green + Paywalled.	0
Received October 20, 2001; revised April 19, 2002; accepted May 28, 2002	0
However, combining them into a framework in a hierarchical fashion to summarize knowledge structure from online bibliographic data can arguably be considered as a unique and novel approach.	1
We contend that the use of the theory supplements existing studies, creates a richer framework, and paints a more nuanced picture.	1
We construct new data to track publication, citation, and patenting outcomes associated with more than 130,000 research project (R01) grants funded by the U.S.	1
As we can see in Figure 2, Hofstede's name is the largest, indicating that he has the largest number of published papers, which is also realistic.	0
Specifically, they employ the following formula to compute the z-score value:	0
The difference is crucial: an erroneous law is much more likely to be exposed if it takes a quantified form than if it is expressed as a vague descriptive statement; thus if verified, we have more reason to be confident in the quantified version – it has passed a tougher test.	0
(3) Our experiment shows that gender bias is weakly related to success despite a recent study which shows that it affects strongly the waiting time statistics, the location of annus mirabilis, the career length distribution, etc.	1
With Brexit looming, this represents a much-needed study that contributes towards a better understanding of how the UK's collaboration patterns might change and how these changes might affect the UK's research performance.	1
1 School of Economics and Management, Southeast University, Nanjing 210096, People’s Republic of China	0
Our research provides the detailed analysis of different aspects of publication activity of university on departmental and individual researcher level taking into account all publications of staff members of the studied university.	1
This is very useful to see the general results from a broader perspective than the Journal Cit ation Reports of WoS.	1
This is complimentary to a very recent model on heterogenous exploration, in which Polya's urn models vary as a function of a node's position on a (static) network.	1
Data analysis will be confined to use of descriptive statistics and the presentation of data into tables and charts.	0
More term annotations of each cluster are available in the supplementary materials.	0
On the other hand, a second main subfield, international political economy, became prominent in the 1970s and 1980s.	0
We suggest that a rate of citation at five years post-publication might be a more appropriate indicator of importance for papers in our specialty.	1
CTM goes beyond traditional LDA by capturing word meanings in context, leading to more coherent and semantically meaningful topics.	1
The uniqueness of the current paper is threefold.	1
It remains to be seen whether a new trend is emerging that exhibits not an increase, but rather a leveling off or decrease in the proportion of female authors.	0
This procedure does not, however, take into account possible changes in the authors’ workplace, nor does it avoid the problem where the same bibliographic name refers to the scientific production of two or more authors, although the fact that a single field and a short chronologic period were being analyzed helped to minimize this kind of error.	0
The findings will also provide empirical evidence to justify the need for developing holistic intelligent systems such as recommender systems that cater to the different search tasks performed during literature review and academic writing.	1
The third group contains data on databases or lists mentioned by reviewers when assessing the Candidate's number of citations.	0
This also offers new insights into disruption: the disruptive discoveries could result in greater chaos in scientific evolution.	1
Research on the impact of IRC beyond publications in international journals has been neglected despite the importance of other products in knowledge creation.	1
Inquiries to Hannah Kuper, ScD, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, Keppel Street, London WC1E 7HT; fax: 020-7958- 8317; e-mail: hannah.kuper@lshtm.ac.uk	0
The field-specific academic influence of gold OA articles evaluated here is relatively robust, as it takes into account both the publishing volume of gold OA articles and their field-normalized citation impact, represented by the 'distance' metric within a two-dimensional diagram.	1
A new link-based document ranking framework is devised with at its heart, a contents and time sensitive random literature explorer designed to more accurately model the behaviour of readers of scientific documents.	1
This article applies a social impact in social media methodology (SISM) to identify quantitative and qualitative evidence of the potential or real social impact of research shared on social media, specifically on Twitter and Facebook.	1
In addition to genetic predisposition, exposure to household allergens such as house dust mites plays an essential role in triggering allergic diseases.	0
The opinion expressed in this paper does not necessarily represent the view of this Working Group.	0
This was consistent with the hypothesis that a relationship exists between high numerical output and publication type.	1
Figure 1 shows the ICC for the whole population, the different single ICCs with confidence intervals, and the ICCs of the mean ratings.	0
This is certainly an advantage compared to other indicators like the average number of citations per paper or the total number of papers.	0
To summarise, in this study, we have shown examples of non-scientific paper features that influence the citation counts.	1
Department of Information Management, Faculty of Economics and Management, East China Normal University, Shanghai, China	0
However, it can also be used to change a report produced from the Manager to standard bibliographic for- mat suitable for publication.	0
From a scientometric point of view, the visibility of a publication is determined by the reputation or the impact of the source where it was published.	0
So, to avoid the dependence of the Beauty Coefficient on just one year’s citation history and to reduce the sensitivity of the measure to such extreme SBs, we propose a new measure in order to discover SBs among not-so-highly cited publications.	1
There are frequent reports of an emerging field of science and technology which is commonly called Nanotechnology nowadays.	0
The present study pioneers the investigation of keyword popularity to gain an understanding of its influence on predicting papers that are highly or less highly cited.	1
a Department of Economics, University of Nebraska at Omaha, Omaha, NE (USA)	0
Department of the Navy or any of its components, the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, or Noesis, Inc.	0
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
TP: total highly cited articles; IP: single institution highly cited articles, CP: inter-institutionally collaborative highly cited articles; FP: first author highly cited articles, RP: corresponding author highly cited articles; SP: single author highly cited articles; h and j: parameters of Y-index; N/A: not available.	0
To clearly recognize essential characters of research content and reflect important research diversity characteristics of scholars, we propose to use entitymetrics analysis for the scholar-level diversity measurement.	1
In doing so, we contribute to ongoing work exploring the link between strategic policies affecting academia on the one hand, and academic identities on the other (e.g.	1
Our evidence of cross-disease spillover corroborates a sentiment expressed by Senator Kennedy, in response to a heart-disease advocate concerned about being shortchanged by cancer funding: “There are those who say if you can't get a raise yourself, the best thing that can happen is for the fellow next to you to get a raise” (quoted in Best, 2019, p.	1
Our study contributes to the growing discussion on the utilization of LLMs for improving the taxed academic review process (e.g., Liang et al., 2024; Liu and Shah, 2023).	1
There has only been one bibliometric study, and that in the related field of sport and exercise science.	1
This journal had an impact factor 3.31 (JCR 2018) but in the 2020 release of JCR there is no mention of this journal.	0
qui désigne le point où un système acquiert des propriétés nouvelles qui ne sont pas observées sur les parties qui le composent.	1
It is worth noting that the intent of this study is neither to reiterate the use of the JIF nor outline the potential shortcomings of its computation processes.	0
This allows the reader to better interpret the meaning of more or lesser information gain (higher multidimensional prestige or lower multidimensional prestige) and the relation between information gain and multidimensional prestige.	0
Where Y denotes research impact and measured by three indicators ESI, CITES1, and CITES2; Xe represents explanatory variables IC and WC; Xc denotes control variables; e is the error term; M denotes citation scopes as the mediator variables; and α, β, and y denote the parameters to be estimated.	0
This claim is shown to follow from two subtle modelling failures: an inadequate representation of an individual researcher's chosen (equilibrium) level of research quality, and an incorrect formulation of the policy problem.	1
Specifically, this study's contributions include: (1) identifying a unique internationalization process of IB research that consists of three distinct stages driven by international collaboration, (2) highlighting the role of international collaborations in overcoming publication barriers at the regional and country level, and (3) highlighting the role of both scale and scope of international collaborations in achieving a top-ranked position.	1
F* represents the Brown–Forsyth statistic for the test of equality of means.	0
These changes do not impact the academic content of the article.	0
2 Total citations can be informative because an article that has had a moderate number of citations over a long period of time can also be considered to have had a significant impact.	0
2014), but not on the assessment and simulation of river water quality.	1
(1) Justice and access-to-care issues associated with rolling out new interventions.	0
Tel.: +86 411 847 072 92x23; fax: +86 411 847 060 82.	0
Statistical Cybermetrics Research Group, School of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1LY, UK	0
Therefore, this article studies compliance with the mandate in the medium term (2014–2019).	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(6):1105-1119, 2010	0
La Revue canadienne des sciences de l'information et de bibliothéconomie 35, no.	0
Only the results for the three most recent REEs are shown in the text, the two earliest are in the Appendix.	0
An arrow represents a hyperlink and its head the direction of the hyperlink.	0
Scale: I - Strongly disagree; 2 - Disagree; 3 – Neutral; 4 - Agree; 5 - Strongly agree.	0
To overcome this limitation of year based indices, we have extend the year based h-index with the EM-index and have defined a new approach named year based EM-index with three variants, which are year based EM-index by publications, publication year citations count and citation year citations.	1
The authors have no conflicts of interest relevant to this article.	0
Many additional analyses are possible based on the data collected for the research presented in this paper.	0
Acknowledgements Bahar Mehmani would like to thank Naomi Lee, senior executive editor of the Lancet for insightful discussion on the nature of the submission trend.	0
(2008), which did not include Eastern institutions because their cultural profile is completely different from Brazil’s.	0
Example of a co-authorship (GP), publication citation (GC), and author citation (G) graph.	0
The Bing Geocoder is also available from the Sci2 Tool at https://sci2.cns.iu.edu.	0
There has not been any scientometric study focusing on research output of academic librarians in Tanzania, apart from two recent studies (Ocholla et al., 2012; Sitienei and Ocholla, 2010) that covered the East African region.	1
Obtained by summing 3904 and 4608 and subtracting the result (8512) from 5521.	0
Analysis of Hotspots and Trends in Digitalization Research of Chinese Archives Based on Bibliometrics.	0
Judit Bar-Ilan's high-cited paper on “which h-index”, this article expands the discussion on “which h-index” in research evaluation, but within one widely utilized bibliographic database, WoS.	1
This type of analysis has not been done before in the DEA field.	1
This paper demonstrates that conflict of interest policies necessarily entail efficiency trade-offs.	1
This is currently impossible because there are no comprehensive sources of CV data that can be matched to publication records in Scopus, WoS, or GS.	0
The data used to support the findings of this study are included within the supplementary information file(s).	0
Therefore, this study is both innovative and explorative.	1
This is not the first analysis of COVID-19 research domain using bibliometric techniques.	1
Received 25 November 2002; revised 23 October 2003; accepted 11 November 2003	0
This study provides novel insights into the kinds of research texts produced by ECRs in Australia and Japan for both academic and non-academic audiences and routes of dissemination currently being used.	1
TABLE 2 Descriptive statistics of the survey data and student performance	0
The results of this study show that using subfield categorisation, we find considerable differences across subfields.	1
5 Research areas where articles were published on maturity model according to the Scopus database	0
At its broadest sense, millennials are people born between the early 1980s and late 1990s (FEPS – Foundation for European Progressive Studies and ThinkYoung, 2018).	0
Declaration of Interests: The authors certify that they have no commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in connection with the manuscript.	0
Both hypotheses are novel and contribute to elucidating the productive and socio-economic roles of OFDI in relation to the effective consumption of renewable energy.	1
Based on the raw data, user interaction intensity (UII) model was proposed to measure the user information interaction intensity by referring to the ACA theory.	1
Utilizing a data-driven approach, it aimed to offer an overview of predatory publishing research.	1
Received 2 October 2007; received in revised form 4 December 2007; accepted 6 December 2007	0
How the map would change using the methodology described in this paper for selecting critical thresholds remains to be seen.	0
We consider all departments of an institution or company located in the same city as one affiliation resulting in several affiliations for companies such as IBM or Microsoft.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 210680 []	0
By taking covariates into account when mapping and ranking institutions an adjusted view on institutional research performance is possible.	1
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
For citation shuffling, we developed a performant citation switching algorithm, runtime enhanced permuting citation switcher (repcs) (Korobskiy, Davey, Liu, Devarakonda, & Chacko, 2019), that randomly permuted citations within each disciplinary data set and within each year of publication...	1
In summary, our work demonstrates the potential of using citation contexts in enhancing the retrieval of scientific publications and improving our understanding of the impact of a specific publication on subsequent work.	1
This paper thoroughly investigated the correlation of the Sri Lankan articles of all the subjects published from 1991 to 2021 and found that the Mendeley readership score strongly correlates with citation count and helps identify highly cited articles.	1
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
By counting the youngest stars in the marine science landscape, we were able to provide some first food for thought and out-line potential problems worth consideration.	1
Building on these perspectives, this study proposes an organizational explanation for the existence of various models of cycles of credit and institutional logics surrounding scientific authorship.	1
Investigation of these two types of collaboration ties in placement outcomes may provide new insights on faculty hiring mechanisms.	1
Such rapid inclusion in these two databases makes Neotropical Ichthyology a counterexample of the usual pattern for Brazilian journals, whose prolonged publication time represents the average time required for scientific and editorial maturation.	1
For example, the citation slice in 2000 is employed to calculate L2000.	0
All the other authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
Some journals, for instance, may rank low here if they are more "open-minded" in citing data and theories considered in the other social sciences (and hence appearing in articles published in non-core journals).	0
Acknowledgements This research is financially supported by research Grants from the National Social Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Received 22 February 2019; Revised 22 June 2019; Accepted 17 July 2019; Published 25 August 2019	0
d School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA, 30332, USA	0
This study uncovers the black box that how Web of Science deals with different publication dates in retrieval and online analysis phases.	1
(2019), this paper divides the effectiveness of Altmetric.com scores into transparency, fairness, availability, and validity for evaluation.	1
In this section, we first describe the six approaches to normalization of direct citations.	0
Our effects are not dependent on the underlying quality of the proposal, the attributes of the evaluators, or associations between proposals and evaluators.	1
This large-scale empirical examination promoted previous meaningful explorations (Fu et al., 2010; Heneberg, 2011a, 2011b, 2013; Ho, 2013; Pautasso, 2014) and also provided more accurate and comprehensive information about the limitations of the abstract/author keywords/keywords plus fields in WoSCC than that provided in Clarivate's official help file (Clarivate, 2020).	1
In this study, we proposed a new method for identifying scientific teams, which appropriately fits the task of discovering funded teams in the NIH system.	1
The percentage denominator is the total times published across all faculty.	0
Some additional words of caution concerning references in scientific articles are worthy of comment.	0
HL: Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools, Performed the analysis, Wrote the manuscript.	0
This study excluded these 168 articles, so the actual population size was 1,468.	0
The fit evaluation at each stage is summarized in Table 3.	0
Our results on the Mendeley counts which we investigated for the post-publication reviews of the Faculty members raise doubts as to whether the expert opinions from a journal peer review procedure should be available in a transparent form (such as being provided with a DOI and the name of the reviewer).	1
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
Taking into account the paper-patent-product linkage, we introduce a new indictor, namely the Technology Linkage (TL) of an innovation, as the number of key patents listed in the FDA Orange Book to protect the intellectual property of the drug product.	1
Research Unit for the Sociology of Education (RUSE), University of Turku, 20014 Turku, Finland	0
The really curious aspect of these small companies is that many of them have no marketable products at all, and hardly any have more than just a few.	0
Finally, by measuring the accuracy of each ranking system, as well as the degree of bias toward universities in particular countries, I am able to rank the rankings.	1
Addressing these regional challenges is crucial for empowering local researchers, sharing valuable contributions with the broader scientific community, and unlocking the full potential of scientific research in the Tropical Andes.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Our proposal, the Initiative for Responsible Scientific Assessment (IRSA), has the main goal to strengthen and expand previous movements in the scientific community to promote higher quality research assessment, focused on better Science.	1
Much of this debate, however, proceeds with little by way of evidence in demonstrating whether such an under-representation actually exists in the first place.	1
Previous work has mostly overlooked the crucial factor of confidence scores or focused on them without considering more fine-grained textual features.	1
Our findings highlight that only clear and stable incentives have influenced researchers' publications.	1
Larger circles indicate a greater percent of pairs in that category.	0
In its attempt to test the power of altmetrics in filling the gap, the present study posed two questions.	1
* Sistema de Bibliotecas, Universidad de Puerto Rico, Recinto de Río Piedras, Puerto Rico snejanka.penkova@upr.edu	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
1 Department of Economics and Statistics, University of Siena, Piazza San Francesco 7-8, 53100 Siena, Italy	0
We provide novel evidence on this question by exploiting a natural experiment in which six high-impact, usually gated AERA journals became open access for a 2-month period in 2017.	1
Our investigation explores the trends of radiology co-authorship comprehensively.	1
The ERC benchmark is designed to facilitate the development and validation of software bricks to enhance the reliability of the peer review process.	1
As a new approach, we propose to measure recombinant novelty of scientific documents by applying the combination of the word embedding technique and citation analysis.	1
The authors acknowledge this in Section 7.4.2, where they discuss the insights that a dynamic Bradley-Terry model could offer.	0
A coauthorship network generally consists of many disconnected components, and we usually focus on the largest components, since metrics like closeness centrality, mean distance, and clustering coefficient can only be applied to a single, connected component.	0
The novelty of the approach lies in the combined exploitation of query expansion and citation analysis that may bring the most relevant papers to the top of the search results list.	1
Our reference retrieval module is similar to RDI, but we directly use the citation context as the retrieval field and rank result according to frequency of references which are corresponding to the citation contexts.	1
We were informed that this research was not subject to review because study subject is not human subjects.	0
See Table 3 for a comparison to citations at 12 months.	0
For a few dollars more: a future for scholarly books in Australia?	0
This research contributes to the academic and practical knowledge of sustainable investments in numerous respects: Using actual data from a large collection of publicly listed Chinese firms, it uses a strong Linear Mixed-Effects Model to evaluate the influence of green investments on ESG ratings objectively.	1
Finally, institutions that release journals’ rankings may (re)formulate new ranking metrics by considering the social structure of journals.	0
A generalized model for the index using other variables and variable weights is proposed.	1
The author is at Department of Computer-Aided Planning and Architecture, Vienna University of Technology, Floragasse 7/272, A-1040 Vienna, Austria.	0
Received: 19 November 2023 / Accepted: 20 December 2023 / Published online: 5 February 2024	0
The principal finding of our analysis of a consecutive cohort of published research in leading vascular and general surgical journals was that the study design and subject and the length of the article were independently associated with the number of citations received by each article.	1
This study also uncovered several non-hypothesized but nevertheless interesting results.	1
Shelia Newman, photograph and biography not available at the time of publication.	0
...we proposed some strategies that might be useful for expanding international circulation of Chinese journals.	1
Third, tracking the mobility of scholars over time using scholarly publications and considering the frequency of movements in analyses that leads to more comprehensive results.	1
Being as our analysis is across disciplines, it helps explain some of the contradictory conclusions previously reported in the literature which tended to be focused on a limited number of disciplines.	1
We have provided significant evidence that the current predictive models for future impact possess far less predictive power than previously reported.	1
A similar argument is made by others who claim that grants are an input of the research process rather than an output:	0
By developing a dynamic estimation method for urban IUSS-ECE, this study provides the first comprehensive evaluation of its spatiotemporal evolution in the B&R region from 1992 to 2020.	1
This collective motivation should be the dominant one, as it is vital: there is no	0
This paper presents a quantitative method to study social validation using a citation network.	1
The R script is freely available upon request to the author and at https://github.com/fw-pfrieger/TeamTree.	0
In this paper, we introduce the paper-citation histogram in which most h-type indicators could be illustrated with their geometrical interpretation.	1
Acknowledgements Ulises Orbe-Arteaga, MSc, was a research fellow at the MRI unit of Medica Sur Clinic and Foundation during 2014-2015.	0
In our study, however, a total of 669 journals regardless of the subject category that could potentially publish neuroimaging articles were included for the production of the current list of 100 most-cited articles.	1
Our topological approach can become a tool for future “Research on Research” (R on R) and can meet a commensurate increasing need as scientific and technical intelligence to discover emerging research fronts in an era of information flooding.	1
The researchers have always been interested in knowing the core journals in their subject.	0
In acknowledgment of JOM's 45 years of publishing original, peer-reviewed, and high-quality research, the current study is envisioned to propel JOM and the business field forward.	1
Correspondence to: Elías Sanz-Casado, Department of Library Science and Documentation, Carlos III University of Madrid, C/ Madrid 126, 28903, Getafe, Madrid, Spain.	0
While previous research affirms that retracted publications continue to be cited as valid in evidence syntheses, the methodological quality of these evidence syntheses and its relationship to the use of retracted publications has not been explored.	1
“Lifting the hood” and looking inside the “machine” to see how the job of writing papers is done, is new.	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
For scientists to even offer time to determine if they are following the predictive models is rare.	0
In addition to reviving monographs, toward the end of my term we also explored a new type of article that would synthesize and integrate the literature around an important topic area and propose research recommendations.	1
We demonstrate that the scale-free property of power laws can be used in an innovative manner, as a scaling relationship to normalize the data on university research productivity, to be independent of the size of the institutions.	1
The method constitutes a novel tool for computational multiparametric analysis, presented here as a scientometric data mining application graphically described in Fig.	1
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
1 Number of annual publications in the life sciences per country for the top 10 countries in 2011 (USA, GBR, JPN, CHN, CAN, FRA, ITA, AUS, ESP)	0
Roche et al. 2010; Schiebel et al. 2010; H?rlesberger et al. 2012).	1
Our analysis of 17.9 million papers spanning all scientific fields suggests that science follows a nearly universal pattern: The highest-impact science is primarily grounded in exceptionally conventional combinations of prior work yet simultaneously features an intrusion of unusual combinations.	1
However, Canadian graduate works are not included, nor are any that are embargoed or restricted at an author’s request.”16	0
A geometric graph is proposed to predict some features of the citation networks with exponentially growing papers, which addresses the precondition by using coordinates of nodes to model the research contents of papers, and geometric distances between nodes to diversities of research contents between papers.	1
John Wenzler is Dean of Libraries at California State University, East Bay; e-mail: john.wenzler@csueastbay.edu.	0
This novelty indicator is inspired by the potential relationship between citation and usage.	1
Received: 24 July 2021 Revised: 8 April 2022 Accepted: 12 April 2022	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The present paper contributes to the literature in a number of ways.	1
In this paper, we introduce a new method, called mention extraction, that aims to extract this different textual device for referencing from a corpus of texts.	1
The study was partially funded by the Brazilian National Research Council (CNPq) with grants for Tarcísio Osório Ferreira and Juliana Okawati, who assisted with data collection and processing.	0
Pioneering our prior work graph-based variable clustering approach and transformer-based feature reduction, enhancing the discriminative power of features and refining data for node creation in GNN-based analysis.	1
We introduce two novel indicators of impact motivated by the z-score: age- and field-rescaled citation count R AF (c) and age- and field-rescaled PageRank R AF (p).	1
This measure could be used to correct the estimated number of authors in bibliometrics indexes and algorithms, since the number of authors plays a prominent role to normalize many variables (Amancio, Oliveira, & Costa, 2012b; Rahman, Mac Regenstein, Kassim, & Haque, 2017; Waltman, 2016).	1
Funding: This research was supported by the National Social Science Foundation of China under Grant 17BGL031.	0
Rousseau, for their helpful discussions and English corrections of the paper.	0
The present study contributes to revealing the relationship between the author order in bylines and contribution lists from two aspects and four indexes.	1
we propose a new reconstruction algorithm for phylomemetic networks reconstruction that outperforms previous ones thanks to a new objective function,	1
This section is not meant as a literature review of the study of time series in informetrics.	0
The intermediate platform is the key of the novel system, which belongs to some third-party institution independent of the journals, playing a very significant role in the review process.	1
This content downloaded from 169.229.32.137 on Thu, 8 May 2014 23:44:37 PM	0
Originality/value – This paper focuses on corporation researchers, who have started to embrace ASNs but whose behaviors were less studied.	1
Using the aforementioned areas we defined two new metrics: ?	1
We also thank Ragnhild Holte-Boe for help in the collecting and sorting of data from the tenured scientific personnel.	0
Weller is Professor and Interim Director, Special Collections Department in the University Library at the University of Illinois at Chicago; e-mail: wiberley@uic.edu, jhurd@uic.edu, and acw@uic.edu, respectively.	0
No matter whatever the case is, however, one currently has no choice but to use this database.	0
The paper thus presents interesting results and bring to light unexplored facts about participation of women in research in India, which can be used for a variety of purposes ranging from status enquiry to evidence-based policy formulation.	1
This correlation is probably related to the requirements for publication associated with university employment.	0
Short sections of text, not to exceed two paragraphs, may be quoted without explicit permission provided that full credit, including ?	0
Based on expansion consistency, we present a characterization of the Hirsch-index without adopting monotonicity.	1
Proof: The proof is a consequence of a theorem by Gl?nzel et al.	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study on the most cited articles in the field of orthopedic elbow surgery.	1
Here we leverage an unusually large sample, aiming to identify factors of collaboration that merit further study.	1
1 (a) Annual publication count in the MMT field; (b) Accumulated percentage of annual publication count in the MMT field.	0
It is the aspect referring to analysis of authorship that we have chosen to use in this paper to make a first approach to the situation of the academic-practitioner gap in Spain.	1
Yet there has been little published research to help authors weigh or balance these different factors when making submission decisions for a particular manuscript.	1
-calculation and analysis of the computational indicators of the document's quality (information capacity, as well as significance and independence of content);	1
8 We thank an anonymous reviewer for the insight that other types of co-location exist but are harder to measure.	0
Data sharing statement Unpublished data from the study are available upon request from AR.	0
According to Shin and Toutkoushian (2011), “ranking universities is a challenging task because each institution has its own particular mission, focus and can offer different academic programs.	0
Sarah Mendoza-Parra Departamento de Enfermería, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad de Concepción, casilla 160 C, Concepción, Chile.	0
We found no bibliometrics for the first 10 years of OTSR.	1
In HPE, we currently lack a sense of the altmetrics attention that our research garners.	1
Most of them have greatly contributed to the available tools for scholar evaluation.	0
University of York, York, NYK, UK, University of York, York, UK, 3The University of Manchester, Manchester, UK	0
* As for isolated authors who have no coauthored papers, C?	0
We also show that the new disruption has stronger robustness, namely the ability to resist random inaccurate data.	1
For this purpose, firstly, the scientific fitness of the nations and the complexity of scientific domains are calculated.	0
Notes: "Geography" means human geography; physical geography is classified as “non-life science;"	0
Correspondence to: Peter Willett, Department of Information Studies, University of Sheffield, 211 Portobello Street, Sheffield S1 4DP, UK.	0
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
We will illustrate these mechanism with particular examples in section “Example: the University of Zaragoza (SPAIN)”.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate the near universal benefit of international collaborations versus domestic works for all countries irrespective of who they interact with.	1
To fill this gap, this article investigates the association between citation impact and topic growth rate in eight broad disciplines, including more than 4,000 topics.	1
We used an approach to detect and visualise trends and patterns in bibliographical data-bases to show the main research topics studied in the literature on maternal mortality.	1
It is thus of much practical significance to figure out the impact of scientific research policies on research activities for analyzing the role of scientific research policy and determining the trend of academic research.	1
There have been efforts to identify universities with the highest scholarly production in gerontology (8), highly-cited scholars in geriatrics (9), and highly-cited articles in gerontology (10), but no prior study has systematically examined the disciplinary roots of the leading scientific contributors to the field of gerontology.	1
In contrast to previous studies, the current study analyzed the methodological quality of the top cited articles.	1
Acknowledgements The authors thank the “Universidad Autonoma de Tamaulipas” for their support to this project, code UAT07-A-SAL-0107.	0
Address correspondence to Sara Memmott, Eastern Michigan University Library, 955 West Circle Drive, Ypsilanti, MI 48197, USA.	0
This once again confirms our assumption that the system can detect small paragraphs of automatically generated text inside a genuinely written document.	1
The main advantage of this method is twofold.	1
This paper is organized as follows: the model and data are described in “The model” and “The data” sections respectively;	0
Laboratory for Studies in Research Evaluation, Institute for System Analysis and Computer Science (IASI-CNR), National Research Council of Italy, Via dei Taurini 19, 00185 Roma, Italy	0
The authors are grateful to Li-xiang Li, Fei-Cheng Ma, Gerard Joseph White, Hassan Dib and Nathan D.	0
In our view, the terminology of the fake has served to obscure the vexed philosophical and existential questions that this phenomenon raises about the nature of peer review.	1
In this paper we contribute to the sociological analysis of higher education, on the one hand, and measurement and statistics, on the other.	1
The statistical inference is restricted to WoS as a data source, as only WoS was sampled, while Scopus data was subsequently linked to these sampled records.	0
Third, this study extends the theory of tie strength by incorporating social characteristics of tie strength.	1
Received 14 June 2021; Received in revised form 25 January 2022; Accepted 27 January 2022	0
The deployment of our novel heuristic approach for the value assessment of research publications also resulted in the identification of four categories of researchers’ profiles, namely: Specialist researchers; Occasional researchers;	1
Unlike previous studies, our findings present a more objective report of the most common reasons for rejection rather than relying on opinion or recollection.	1
We have developed a citation-based step-by-step protocol for identifying the L-L papers (Table 2).	1
Acknowledgements We thank Assistant Professor Shelly Prani?, for her advice on improving the quality of language in the manuscript.	0
By reporting the shortest time interval to achieve exponential DSA growth, we hope this example can support programmes in petitioning hospitals and medical colleges for academic support resources.	1
A way is suggested here to decide on those weights.	1
Based on recent contributions to Historical Institutionalism it is shown how layering and displacement processes gradually have changed the funding system along a number of dimensions and thus how a series of minor adjustments over time has led to a transformation of the system as a whole.	1
They present a more complete picture to CAR's narratives research instead of constraining to a particular form of the discourse, such as MD&As (Cole and Jones 2005) or CSRs (Taneja et al.	1
We have demonstrated that, under salience of article importance, the scientific-communication equilibrium critically depends on the importance to complexity ratios of research articles in the choice set.	1
Our theoretical triangulation and the resultant plan of action can serve as foundations for future research and ethics education.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
To further examine the citation counts of the endogenous publications, this paper takes the readability scores of their abstracts into account.	1
Hence, to be credible, self-archiving requires an alternative mechanism for funding peer review.	0
Please cite this article as: Dees, A.S., A Bibliometric Analysis of the Scholarly Publications of Librarians at the University of Mississippi, 2008-2013, The Journal of Academic Librarianship (2015), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2015.03.019	0
The hope is that presenting these journals in one place, using popular and established journal ranking metrics, will result in a useful guide for health economic researchers as they seek to disseminate their work.	1
Therefore, we only attempt to provide a new perspective to analyze in this part.	1
p<.001.All measures are computed at the year of publication of each paper.	0
This study explores the question, extrapolating from studies of an “elite effect" in which the publications of the highest ranked schools differ from other research-intensive schools.	1
A node high in betweenness centrality can act as a gatekeeper.	0
This does not mean, of course, that all such values are meaningless.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wlab20	0
** More specifically, the term “narrowing” refers to a restriction of the claims made by the patentee in the original patent application	0
The correlation between the indicators studied here reveals that quality and quantity do not go hand in hand.	1
Table 2 Top ten most internationally collaborative countries/ territories during 1992–2011	0
a Cleveland State University, Nance College of Business Administration, Cleveland, OH 44115, USA	0
Furthermore, we find that the higher the impact inequality of a discipline, the lower its ranking mobility, a finding that is reminiscent of empirical observations made in the Social Sciences that wealth inequality and social mobility tend to be negatively correlated, and which has numerous implications for academic policymaking.	1
However, the current research has provided a more in-depth understanding of student attitudes toward cheating.	1
This study is supported by National Social Science Foundation of China (Grant Number 22BTQ102).	0
We can thus conclude that publication analyses are much more vulnerable to choices of journals sets as publication behaviour obviously change over time.	1
Hu, Naubahar Sharif, Keun Lee, and three anonymous referees for their comments on this manuscript.	0
The reasons for this are not clear, although it is noteworthy that many of the practice- oriented journals have better reputations than their impact factors might suggest.	0
Received 13 December 2022; Received in revised form 26 June 2023; Accepted 28 June 2023	0
Studies in this area should analyse the predictive power of the models defined, which in practice was often not the case.	1
Additionally, the use of Google Journal Scholar Metrics (Ayllón Millán, Ruiz-Pérez, & Delgado López-Cózar, 2013) in the present study aimed to overcome potential biases in data extraction and analyses based on Scopus and Web of Science databases, which is the traditional method (Gorraiz & Schloegl, 2008; Hernández-González, Sans-Rosell, Jové-Deltell, & Reverter-Masia, 2016; Salvador-Oliván & Agustín-Lacruz, 2015).	1
Another gap is a narrow focus on numbers of articles (Joy, 2006), numbers of citations to journals of publication (Chan & Liano, 2009) and (less often) citations to the scholars' articles (Ahn et al., 2014).	1
It also examines patterns of bibliometrics-related studies in the biomedical research fields where both wide applications of and serious concerns about citation analysis for research evaluation have been present.	0
Addressing this gap, our study pioneers an exploration into top business journals, exploring the complex relationship between gender composition in scientific teams and its impact on research outcomes.	1
We would like to thank the Pontifical Catholic University of Goiás, Goiania, Brazil (Replicon / Prope / MGene / FAPEG/ CNPq) to have contributed and supported this research.	0
From a science policy standpoint, this study emphasizes the indispensable role of the administrative staff position.	1
Changes in both unadjusted and real funding dollars over time revealed a significant difference.	1
In doing so, we follow Star and Ruhleder (1996) and shift our focus away from the database content per se and towards databases as a part of a broader socio-technical infrastructure that enables as well as shapes research metrics and their interpretations.	1
1 I acknowledge support from NSF grants 1413898/1063944, “The Social Organization of Collaboration in the Chemical Sciences."	0
For each professor this database provides information on their name and surname, gender, affiliation, SDS and academic rank, at close of each year.	0
In this paper, we propose a new criterion for choosing between a pair of classification systems of science that assign publications (or journals) to a set of clusters.	1
It employs the similarity to successful and dis- similarity to unsuccessful collaborations as the measures for comparing the collaboration-formation algorithms.	1
However, one aspect has gained less attention, namely the relative importance of how the psycho-social work environment at a university affects research performance and efficiency.	1
In turn, I reframe, and denaturalize (Csiszar, 2017) publication from being a moment in time (when it's 'in press') to a series of events, interventions and objects (Delfanti, 2016).	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(6):1097-1117, 2009	0
both designed and performed research, prepared figures and wrote the manuscript.	0
This article addresses these two different issues in a single paper since they can be addressed with the same recycled dataset and partly overlapping methods.	1
A study from the Harbingers research project provides a comprehensive assessment of the main features of the scholarly communications system as viewed by early career researchers (ECRs) in the final year of the study (2018).	1
The sizes are not comparable across networks: Each network has been scaled differently.	0
Figure 1 Percentage and number of health professions education articles with at least one altmetrics event, 2011–2015, by year.	0
Despite the fact that fellowships, assistantships, and low tuition have been characterizing doctoral programs for over fifty years, very little analysis has been undertaken of their long-term effects.	0
We thank Chao Lu and Sanchari Das for their helpful suggestions and our four anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments.	0
It will be instructive to re-visit this analysis in future years or decades to determine how the field has changed.	0
These changes do not impact the academic content of the article.	0
A new software tool, called STICCI.eu (Software Tool for Improving and Converting Citation Indices enhancing uniformity), which is freely available online, has been created to solve these problems.	1
All three options will be tested in the next section to identify the most appropriate version.	0
Productivity in Physical and Chemical Science Predicts the Future Economic Growth of Developing Countries Better than Other Popular Indices	1
Most of the bibliometric research addresses scientific contributions in medicine, health, and virology related topics, with very little emphasis on social sciences.	1
This study would not be possible without the administrative support of the Cornell University Library.	0
Empty cells in the table indicate that the designated journal was not ranked in the associated study.	0
A discovery approach that employs machine learning techniques and network theories was introduced.	1
Table 1 Percentage of Organizational Membership, Authors, Editorial Board Members, and Editors who were Female Across Time	0
Vertical lines represent a 95% confidence interval and capital letters above the bars indicate significant differences	0
Few studies have compared topic evolution of research articles from the same domain but that were published in different (i.e., formal or informal) channels, especially popularity of topics and duration of popularity of topics between these formal and informal channels.	1
Address reprint requests to Dr Powers: Box 523, University Hospital, Charlottesville, VA 22908.	0
This, however, was incorrectly extended by some editors to attract more readers by advertising for their journals through IFs.	0
A particular contribution of this study is that it tackles the research question through a multidisciplinary approach, integrating views from different knowledge domains and through mixed quantitative-qualitative techniques, specifically bibliometric research and discourse analysis.	1
And, finally, we consider co-citation counting as a form of binary counting (0-1 counting): one reference list produces at most one count for the total co-citation score of two authors.	0
Note that the vertical axis is scaled by a factor of one thousand, so that the range of totals is from 727,000 to 9,472,000 for this period.	0
Received November 21, 1986; revised February 23, 1987; accepted March 2, 1987.	0
Received 22 October 2023; Received in revised form 2 December 2023; Accepted 6 December 2023	0
We show that the developed measure is not susceptible to discipline bias and follows a universal distribution for all articles published in different years, offering an unbiased indicator for impact across time and discipline.	1
These are not shown in this table for the sake of space.	0
On average, 68.3 new titles appeared each year during that past decade; of these, 31.9 pertained to education and 36.4 pertained to psychology.	0
We build on this research by demonstrating that evaluators on open and expert controlled systems may exhibit different biases against different kinds of producers, which has implications for the management of these systems.	1
These workshops help to present scientific topics as less abstract and more practical.	1
Unlike previous citation analyses of aerospace engineering, the present study focused on faculty publications and included a subject analysis of the most cited formats.	1
FIGURE 1 Number of journals launched each year from 1800 to mid-2021.	0
We applied the findings from previous algorithmic disambiguation studies to our disambiguation process as follows.	0
The present paper fills this lacuna by providing a longitudinal analysis of the emergence and institutionalization of grant writing practices in academia.	1
Second, the new literature analysis protocol makes use of publication dates to elevate time as a key variable.	1
Among the many research rankings published, this research question appears to be unique.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to assess the perceptions of dental researchers in Brazil and one of the first to do so internationally.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This bibliometric study presents the most influential cited references for papers published in the journal Information by using reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS).	1
This represents an improvement in sensitivity over the 65% baseline sensitivity rate from nascent efforts to populate VIVO with Harvester (Eldredge et al., 2015).	1
Specifically, it displays the first record from the RecordCollection, which is unordered.	0
To our knowledge, the association between stylistic cues in titles and citation patterns has not yet been probed in the field of communication, despite the attention it has received in other disciplines (Buter & van Raan, 2011; Lockwood, 2016; Sagi & Yechiam, 2008; Stremersch et al., 2007).	1
Another drawback of the present concept is that it is too strict.	0
The implications were that academic women’s research contribution matches that of a men’s productivity.	0
Address: Sociology Programme, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Howard College campus, Durban-4041, South Africa	0
The analysis presented here of the contribution of clinicians and scholars with different levels of preparation is unique.	1
The study complements the previous studies on direct comparison of databases at the article-level, by performing a journal coverage analysis, and has provided an informative and practically useful account of the journal coverage of Web of Science, Scopus and Dimensions databases, and its impact.	1
In next section we discuss the measurement of negative collaboration experiences and cohort differences.	0
This article suggests a way in which panels could choose the weights to attach to these two indicators.	1
In particular, it has developed a decomposition method which allows the separate contributions to the convergence process of staff turnover, in terms of exits and entrants, and quality transformations of incumbent staff, to be identified.	1
The aspects already described here testify to the reliability of the journals chosen as sources.	0
To cite this article: Mohit Vashney, Arpit Parmar & Ashwani Kumar Mishra (2020) The Past, Present and Future of Literature Pertaining to Betel (Areca) Nut: A Citation Analysis, Substance Use & Misuse, 55:9, 1403-1412, DOI: 10.1080/10826084.2019.1660677	0
In order to have the widest scope of prolific authors, we constructed the initial bibliographic search to identify outputs in orthodontics over a recent 10-year period of time and then reviewed their complete scientific output in order to obtain a fuller picture of productivity.	1
This method underestimates the extent of self-citation as the SSCI lists only the citing article's lead author.	0
This study was also the first, to our knowledge, to take human, veterinary, and environmental research, and all areas identified in the JPIAMR strategic research agenda, including therapeutics, diagnostics, surveillance, transmission, environment, and interventions, into account.	1
The data show a clear but declining gender gap.	1
100 records are randomly selected from the sample dataset and are coded by four coders independently.	0
I thank Stephen Donald, Justin Wolfers and two referees for helpful comments on an earlier draft.	0
Lin is with the Department of Statistics, The Pennsylvania State University, 317 Thomas Building, University Park, PA 16802-2111.	0
Note that all curves in our figures (except in Figure 1 and superimposed on bar plots) are smoothed using local polynomial regression.	0
This means that a 20th ranked journal would correspond to an h-ratio of roughly 0.537 and an AWCR-ratio of 0.290, at least among economics journals.	0
Conflict of interest The author declare that they don't have any conflict of interest.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
2017 Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
(Received 21 October 1988; accepted in final form 23 January 1989)	0
The contribution of the current study is that it proposes two sets of quantitative topic attributes.	1
In addition, we have developed a new indicator to check the stability of the obtained ranking results with regard to the individual business schools.	1
The following is an alphabetical list of the 48 authors with more than 30 citations:	0
[15] and to perform an updated descriptive analysis to identify the current implications of these articles.	1
The proposed RelRank method is able to identify high profile authors as the classic author-level metrics do, meanwhile it can serve individual venues by considering authors' devotion in publishing in those particular venues.	1
The present article differs from Zhang et al.	1
Our proposed formulae are theoretically based on the actual contribution of the most productive scholars, thus taking six different variables into account: total number of papers, SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) values, total number of authors, total number of citations of papers, number of years since paper publication and annual paper citations.	1
We sought to understand the quantity and characteristics of all of Imperial's contributions to COVID-19 research in order to provide data for the institution to understand its outputs, as well as to provide an institutional cohort perspective to complement the global output level of analysis in other studies on COVID research (Di Girolamo & Meursinge Reynders, 2020; Fraser et al., 2020; Helliwell et al., 2020; Shuja, Alanazi, Alasmary, & Alashaikh, 2020; Teixeira da Silva et al., 2020).	1
Further, he is grateful to Mei Hwa Lee, Alexander Halavais, Mike Thelwall, Julia Hsu, George Barnett, and Royal Netherlands Academy's ex-colleagues for their assistance and insightful suggestions on its earlier version.	0
This paper will discuss the approach that the University of Maine library is taking to raise awareness of altmetrics, in an effort to increase attention to its possible role in assessment.	1
In this article, we seek to realize the potential that Spaapen and Van Drooge's productive interactions concept offers, but which we argue has been lost through its operationaliation as a process of 'counting interactions'.	1
In this article we propose the adoption of established network centrality measures that compute the importance of journals to determine the extent to which an individual paper is important or key within a given journal.	1
The former has, to date, launched over 80 open access journals operating on an author-pays model, and it also offers institutional membership.	0
Today, the eradication of this disease remains elusive; the clinical manifestations and epidemiological characteristics differ with the diverse endemic zones, and there is a lack of proper treatment.	0
The results indicate link-resolver click-throughs could, in most cases, reliably suggest high- and low-use journals and can be used when vendor data are missing, incomplete, or unreliable or when staffing does not allow vendor data collection.	1
In the following we give two examples to illustrate this logical combination and the option of fine-tuning.	0
After this filtering process, the sample consisted of a total of 126 URLs.	0
The division does not follow academic seniority: While some CNIs are nontenured academics invited by former supervisors to the network, many are tenured and some have high positions in university hierarchies.	0
To the best of our knowledge, these trajectory typologies are the first such attempts to model the evolution of academic influence over time.	1
In my view, [18,20] it is a better solution to share the publications, that is, to fractionalize the paper count by the number of authors yielding an effective rank reff which decreases by the respective fraction as visualized in Figure 6.	1
For example an author who has had 10 of their articles cited at least 10 times each has an h-index of 10, regardless of the total number of publications.	0
We estimate that India is potentially spending about US$ 2.4 million annually on APCs paid to OA journals and the amount would be much more if we add APCs paid to make papers published in hybrid journals open access.	1
The emergence of Translational Medicine allows us to analyze an aspect of the relationship between science and technology that has received limited interest in Innovation Studies.	1
We argue three key points to this end.	1
So far, there have not been too many bibliometric studies analysing science in West Africa.	1
This study complements prior research by using semi-structured interviews to provide rich qualitative data regarding Chinese researchers' RIM practices.	1
To the best of our knowledge, the correlation between citations and tweets has not been studied for Nature articles by publication year, discipline and Twitter user type in existing researches about altmetrics.	1
Thus, the quest for a perfect composite indica- tor from which to derive a unique ranking is bound to fail.	0
This content downloaded from 130.237.165.040 on April 30, 2019 23:10:17 PM	0
Our study is a scientometric analysis of both science and social science disciplines that compares the growth of both domains in Pakistan.	1
On this large time scale, the series shown agree with most recent analysis.	0
What emerges from this study of the research literature in immunology is that there are two broad types of contributions that become highly referenced in immunology.	1
Here we fulfill that promise and compare h-predictions with the outcomes of the REF: We report that our predictions were wildly inaccurate.	1
However, work using literature maps to expand the knowledge of climate change connected to farm animals is lacking.	1
We would like to stress, however, that these possible explanations for the role of impact factor in policy development are speculative at this point, and more research is needed.	0
Second, another highlight was that we used two datasets from the Web of Science Core Collection database to review the environmental footprint family research.	1
We linked the models with advanced citation impact indicators.	1
However, our findings show no direct quantitatively observable support for female devaluation theory.	1
Compared to the health sciences there has been little attempt to examine the nature and outcomes of academic–industry collaborations in the social sciences (Bammer, 2008; Cherney et al., 2012b; Lavis et al., 2003; Nutley et al., 2007).	1
These horizontal clusters and vertical directed knowledge paths within clusters provide us with a method to build a 'genealogical' or evolutionary tree of knowledge for a given field or sub-field of scientific literature.	1
This analysis provides a new perspective for identifying knowledge evolutionary path based on the distribution of integrated CS terms and breadth and strength of their integration, rather than the traditional bibliographic citation information (Lucio-Arias and Leydesdorff 2008) or topic relevance analysis (Wang et al. 2014).	1
Conflict of interest None of the authors has a conflict of interest to declare.	0
The main objective was to identify the perception and habits of researchers with regard to practices closely linked to open science and the scientific value added is that offers an in-depth picture of researchers as one of the main actors to whom this transformation and implementation of open science will fall.	1
Special thanks to Francesca Servoli for revising the manuscript and bibliography according to the Instructions.	0
I recommend that if one person would benefit more from the last author position (say, because they are pre-tenure), that person should be listed last.	1
Through a case study of UCL Press, we have identified the ways in which readily available data and relatively low-cost approaches to data aggregation and analysis can provide useful insights for the development and strategy of a small monograph press.	1
We report novel evidence that highlights an alternative route—positive spillovers also result from access to academics with insights gained because of their temporary experience in government jobs.	1
Institutional publication lists can be surprisingly deficient, and should probably be avoided.	0
This study contributes theoretically and empirically to our understanding of the publication behaviors of glass-ceiling researchers.	1
Keywords Book metadata · WorldCat · OCLC · Research evaluation · Research excellence framework (REF) · Lithuania	0
Relevant research in some CEE countries will be discussed in the literature background chapter.	0
This study introduces a new proposal to refine the classification of the SCImago Journal and Country Rank (SJR) platform by using clustering techniques and an alternative combination of citation measures from an initial 18,891 SJR journal network.	1
what good is copyright if you do not need to control copying?	0
However, to our knowledge, the quantity and quality of Chinese research production in the field of spine have not been reported.	1
The present study, therefore, contributes to the academic literature in that it identifies the factors that impact accounting academics' research productivity in the Anglophone SSA region, one of the developing areas of the world and an area largely neglected in prior research.	1
1 PhD Library Science Program, Complutense University of Madrid, Madrid, Spain	0
Correspondence to: Dr A S Wierzbicki, Department of Chemical Pathology, St Thomas's Hospital, Lambeth Palace Road, London SE1 7EH, UK; Anthony.	0
Keywords: pathfinder network, visualisation, virtual reality, cognitive map, generalised similarity analysis, user-interface design	0
We will use the default values in Table 4, unless specified otherwise.	0
Due to the lack of stability of the position of the journals of mathematics in these lists, we propose a 'cumulative index' that fits better the characteristics of mathematical journals.	1
We do the same for the subsequent division rules, which are independent of the allocation, too.	0
This is the first study to primarily focus on journal flips from OA to subscription access.	1
Roberts received a PhD in Marketing from the University of Utah in 1988; since then, he has published 50 articles in marketing and consumer behavior journals and proceedings.	0
Note: The table and figure names in the last two columns indicate where in the results section the discussion of each indicator can be found.	0
We gathered primary and secondary data about individuals who were active participants in the scientific research community.	0
We do this through the use of ontologies, in an effort to extend the reach of existing text-based classification methods while still maintaining the power and rigour of classification systems.	1
This study presents part of the results published in an earlier study by Zhang and Gl?nzel (2012)4 as well as new applications of these methods.	1
Improvements can always be made to surveys; however, it is perhaps time now to augment this type of research with bibliometric methods of evaluation.	0
In this study, we propose a novel approach that employs new features along with previously well-known features to map sections-headings to IMRAD.	1
Source: The authors, based on Web of Science, Core Collection data.	0
In the following sections of this manuscript, we use a=0.25 in the calculation of DPE.	0
This model is the first highly granular characterization of the PubMed literature that can be used for portfolio analysis at the level of research topics.	1
The preprint-publication linker we designed matches preprints with subsequently published articles.	1
1 Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA	0
are collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to The American Statistician	0
In short, they did not have teams of qualified volunteers seeking service opportunities and facilitating editorial succession, as official association publications would.	0
The author has no conflicts of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
Migiwa Asano MD, Katsuya Mikawa MD, Kahoru Nishina MD, Nobuhiro Maekawa MD, Hidefumi Obara MD	0
We have developed a new counting method called modified fractional counting (MFC).	1
This article aims to put focus on the relatively new phenomenon: Supplement articles sponsored by universities or research institutes.	1
Here, a bibliometric measure is proposed that enables scholars to evaluate conference quality before attending.	1
Thus, Snedecor and Cochran (1989) wrote, "Actually, all quantitative data are discrete as recorded, since we round for simplicity..." (p.	0
5 Research fields in Beninese scientific production (Field with at least 2 % of publications)	0
The project began in the fall of 2003 and was completed in fall 2006.	0
Here, we develop a framework for rigorously identifying innovation across an entire scientific field through automated analysis of a corpus of over 6000 documents that includes every paper published in the field of evolutionary medicine.	1
However, this is the first study to adopt SVA to examine researchers as opposed to scholarly publications.	1
Mouton (2010) suggests that research supervisors have to ask themselves whether students are pursuing research that is in line with a country's plans and goals or whether it is not seen as a priority.	0
As a rule, the peer review process is used to separate the wheat from the chaff (Bornmann, 2011).	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/2050-3806.htm	0
Acknowledgements This work is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 71731002.	0
To the best of our knowledge, the empirical evidence of publication practices of Digital Humanities scholars has not, until our research, been systematically investigated.	1
We have observed that, in academia, spamming authors by OA journals is by no means unique, therefore we define spamming as an action that extends beyond scholarly journals and targets academics, as follows: unsolicited apparently legitimate emails sent to academics by entities and individuals seeking personal or financial gains, using deceptive tactics, and thus operating in a “predatory” manner.	1
We claim that studies like this one are highly necessary, in order to better understand innovation theory, policy, and practice in the framework of contemporary global systems, particularly when they concern emerging economies (Kuhlmann & Ordonez-Matamoros, 2017).	1
This study contributes to our understanding of the position of authors in the by-line, given its effect on the visibility achieved in the citations to the article, although some areas of science present preferences regarding the concept of author (Silva et al., 2017) and the number of co-authors in publications (Gl?nzel, 2003).	1
This work was supported by The Alan Turing Institute under the EPSRC grant EP/ N510129/1.	0
To address this issue, we argue that a system of partial randomisation in grant allocation should be more widely experimented with.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=rjec20	0
To our knowledge, this is the most comprehensive and the only multi-level study of Scientometrics conducted to date.	1
However, documents of the period do show that Line initially toyed with this premise.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wstl20	0
Along the spirit of penalizing long and thin tails, we can define another area in the citation curve: the ideal complement penalty area (IC-area), which is the complement of the citation curve with respect to the square p × p.	1
Second, our comparison of topic similarities across papers published before, during and after a grant, allows us to estimate both the short-term and longer-term impact of targeted funding on topic switching and diversity.	1
Received 18 September 2020; Received in revised form 4 December 2020; Accepted 13 January 2021	0
To our best knowledge, this is the first altmetric and bibliometric study about malnutrition.	1
As an important background note, throughout this paper, we make a distinction between "citations" and "references": a reference is given, and a citation is received.	0
Moreover, the study also adds to the growing volume of research on retractions through its original method, which involves collecting, reconstructing, and supplementing the data provided by Retraction Watch using customized artificial intelligence (AI) tools.	1
The Kullback-Leibler divergence measure enables us to use the international and domestic distributions of coauthorship relations as relative predictors of each other.	1
Note especially that there are no studies in the literature that investigate relationships among the above issues.	1
In this study, we performed a large-scale analysis of academic publishing trends, examining data on >120 million papers and >20,000 journals.	1
Received 9 May 2023; Received in revised form 26 December 2023; Accepted 1 January 2024	0
In Section 4, we discuss our results and offer some directions for further investigation.	0
In contrast, the research program we investigate in the present study keeps the interaction among its distributed participants at a minimum in order not to waste time on secondary issues.	1
This is a rather diverse group of countries scattered across continents.	0
The value-added of NIH peer review is conceptually distinct from the value of NIH funding itself.	1
Property 1 The contribution of early citations to CiteScoreJ(Y) is higher than it is to JIF(0,3)J(Y).	1
The authors would like to thank Carol Hixson, Library Dean, University of South Florida St.	0
Most scientists were cooperative, and only a few failed to provide thoughtful responses to my questions.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine citation frequency and the characteristics of qualitative studies and compares citation patterns of qualitative studies with those of quantitative studies.	1
John Kestle for his assistance in statistical evaluations and Elsevier Scopus for providing a short-term complimentary subscription to their database for review purposes.	0
The empirical results show that there is a complementarity between the routines of authors and readers that co-stabilize each other.	1
The remainder of the paper will bring answer to these questions.	0
(Tables D and E in the appendix provide the expected values of the frequencies under each of the estimates.)	0
The grand median CCR for the four journals is 79.2, being pulled upward by the large value for Journal of Sex Research.	0
The investigator then initiated a session of the Peer Review Game that lasted for T = 40 minutes in each case.	0
As the debate on the precise role of preprints in medicine continues, it is essential to quantitate and identify early trends on the reach of pharma-authored preprints to formulate future guidelines and recommendations on good publication practices.	1
The first number in brackets in both A and B is the number of items this country or institution published at all, and the second number is the number of cooperation this country or institution went into.	0
The word frequency ranking of each type of knowledge element is performed, and the top five knowledge elements are selected for display, as shown in Table 3.	0
A cluster of connected words is given the same colour and larger nodes correspond to more frequently used words.	0
You may need to log in to JSTOR to access the linked references.	0
Different from the analyses undertaken by Pinar and Unlu (2020), research income will not be treated as one single variable only.	1
Journal name is listed where only one journal was identified from one publisher.	0
In what follows, an illustrative quotation will be given in the discussion of a specific word sense if that quotation appears to be particularly informative.	0
The first author wishes to acknowledge financial support from the MEXT scholarship (Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan) for carrying out this research.	0
The following practices are considered to be reflective of poor journal standards, and, while they do not equal predatory criteria, potential authors should give due consideration to these items prior to manuscript submissions:	0
To conserve space, we only confine our discussion to recent UK-related literature.	0
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
The paper enhances the theoretical framework around ESG investments and sustainability performance by including ideas from corporate finance, environmental economics, and governance, thereby establishing a precedent for the next research in this field.	1
Examining authors' academic origin and university of affiliation, and with a focus on the European nations that participated in the production of IB research, we make several novel contributions to the field: (1) identifying a unique internationalization process of IB research that consists of three distinct stages driven by international collaboration, (2) highlighting the role of international collaborations in overcoming publication barriers at the regional and country level, and (3) highlighting the role of both scale and scope of international collaborations in achieving a top-ranked position in the production of IB research.	1
This article addresses these gaps by studying the behaviour of Italian academics in response to the introduction of a national habilitation procedure that regulates the promotion to professorial positions.	1
3We use this term to refer to the wider, social application of research outside of its traditional field literature.	0
While at least some parts of the phenomena studied here are literally new to the world, just as COVID-19 was recently new to the world, our study is not entirely exploratory.	1
To our knowledge, no empirical studies have systematically investigated the role of habit strength (Verplanken and Orbell, 2003) in explaining or predicting scholarly OA/non-OA publishing intention and behaviour.	1
In the study of knowledge integration (RQ2), we introduce a new metric to uncover gender differences in authors' capacity to connect the diverse reference field behind ADS.	1
In addition, it was observed that the values of FWCI for the scholarly output related to the load shedding study from 2012 to 2016 were more than 1.00.	0
Thus, through our bibliometric analyses we contribute to the management and applied psychology discipline by bringing to light some predictive links that have not yet been studied.	1
The Cuban scientific output, after one year of confronting this pandemic, has not been studied from a bibliometric perspective.	1
*We used formula (7) instead of (2) in order to show better the behavior of the function a.	0
By decoupling the utilization of research corporations in ASNs into social performance and academic performance, this paper not only verifies the differences between the social performance and academic performance of corporation researchers in the same research areas but also proves that corporation researchers in different research areas have differences in both social performance and academic performance.	1
The choice is continuously increasing as described before; however, the uptake is low.	0
In our view, this change was so monumental that part of the resultant “creative destruction” (Schumpeter 1942) rendered essentially obsolete most previous studies of research communication and collaboration.	1
Impact profile: percentage of IBCCF's impact factor relative to Brazil average 1981-1995.	0
The fields include recognized academic disciplines, related major sub- fields taught at universities or tertiary institutions, major fields or research investigated by national research institu- tions and organizations, as well as emerging areas of study.	0
Although a heavy work of data cleansing must be done, the data provided by GS represents a more accurate picture of the research output, and corresponding impact in terms of received citations, of the social sciences for non-English countries, as suggested by Delgado-López-Cózar, Ordu?a-Malea et al.	1
To the best of the author's knowledge the issue of ranking universities' ethical performance has not been yet raised in any published communication and the ethical indicators have not been previously suggested, hence this preliminary contribution will hopefully be followed by an on-going series of research papers that further deepens the principles which lead to comprehensive ethical ranking systems.	1
This bibliometric analysis study could catalyze to initiate such investigations and improve understanding.	1
His research interests mainly concern the area of innovation management, including themes such as knowledge creation and transfer, inter-organisational relationships and system dynamics modelling.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Furthermore, the results indicate that the fractional normalization approach, which can be considered the standard approach, causes specific inaccurate assignments, which we intend to address in this paper.	1
Firstly, this study focuses on the composition of different institutions in industry and academia and deeply analyses the differences between these different types of team institutional compositions on the novelty of academic papers.	1
Section 3 explains the methodological steps and the construction of the database on which we base our results, that are treated in section 4 together with some robustness checks.	0
Top 10 authors according to number of papers published and number of co-authors.	0
We also found a positive correlation between the performance of preprints and their corresponding journal papers, which confirms the consistency in academic community evaluation (peer review and citation) and general public attention (measured by altmetrics indicators).	1
First, we identify the most used keywords and their evolution over 21 years (2000-2020).	1
Moreover, a new viewpoint is provided for the investigation of the evolution of network public opinion on flooding disasters.	1
1 Tel.: +34 954 55 43 10; fax: +34 954 55 69 89.	0
Network-based indicators open new perspectives in the study of collaboration, emphasizing interactions and the role played by individual researchers within the whole scientific discipline under analysis.	1
However, our literature search did not reveal a bibliometric analysis of Sentinel Lymph Node Imaging (SLNI), which is the focus of our manuscript.	1
A novel and freely accessible alternative to track working papers with respect to publications is Google Scholar.	0
This paper aims to enhance empirical understanding of similarity indexes within the context of co-authorship networks, which are widely used and highly relevant in scientometrics.	1
Productivity (number of articles) in four institutes (Physics, Mathematics, Biotechnology, Anthropology) during the years 1982–1994, and their exponential adjusted curves.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
A recent article by Franceschini et al. (2013) introduced an automated algorithm for estimating a database’s omitted-citation rate, based on the combined use of two or more bibliometric databases.	1
Furthermore, we provide direct evidence on how existing knowledge facilitates the generation of new knowledge.	1
Our study raises several concerns regarding pre-graduate research among medical students.	1
Regions and cities with universities from the treatment (blue) and control (red)groups.	0
We may thereby find that minor renowned scientists take a larger ratio of science publications (Khosrowjerdi et al.	0
To the best of the authors knowledge this is the first article to evaluate the association between scientific productivity, research networking and socio-demographical indicators in the oncological field across nine LATAM nations.	1
It has proved possible to design a weighted features model for specifically evaluating archival websites and to obtain objective results on the position occupied by those archives in a website quality ranking.	1
First, it extends the findings of previous works on the curvilinear relationship between multidisciplinarity and researchers' performance, confirming that multidisciplinarity is beneficial up to a threshold beyond which these benefits are attenuated.	1
We have analyzed the publishing data in the cell biology field and found several alarming trends developing over the last two decades.	1
Patents in ‘thin film’ in USA (1976–1997), and three-year moving average	0
Engineering Library, Thornton Hall, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA 22901, U.S.A.	0
Although these methods are valuable in estimating the frequencies and types of questionable authorship practices, they are limited in their capability to unpack the complex nature of authorship practices and hence provide little guidance on how to mitigate questionable actions and inactions.	1
I assert here that it is also time to recognize a bill of rights for manuscript submitters during peer review.	1
These contributions are: We have employed an extensive array of parameters based on author count, encompassing a large range of factors.	1
Contribution to the Theme Section ‘The use and misuse of bibliometric indices in evaluating scholarly performance’	0
2) We propose a metric called TN to measure the distance between scholars and the Turing Award.	1
We aim to fill this gap in the conversation by proposing scientific celebrity as a new taxonomy of scientists and substantiating the impacts they create at a broader level, particularly on the allocation of public resources and the dynamics of the “invisible college” (De Solla Price and Beaver, 1966).	1
They are calculated as a subtraction of reviews, books, and guidelines, from the total although they lack sufficient publication data.	0
Scholars have examined this phenomenon at the university and scientist levels, but not at the publication level.	1
*One prolific author with 219 publications (including 9 with>100 citations and 76 with>20 citations) published mostly in researcher capacity rather than non-researcher role	0
Linda Grant is an assistant professor of sociology and faculty associate of the Institute of Behavioral Research at the University of Georgia.	0
The results of this study identify common positive and negative quality and credibility attributes of journals in the field with the outcome of highlighting key areas of growth for both librarians and publishers to improve library science publications.	1
Table 1 Journal screening results according to 13 categories relating to management of SCI and SSCI and disciplinary setting of management in mainland China	0
We sincerely acknowledge the time and effort the editors and reviewers put into our manuscript.	0
At best, these remarks suggest a way of posing the question.	0
This investigation demonstrates that despite recent efforts to foster NIH-funded research in EM, there remain critical barriers to successful funding</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>, particularly for early-career investigators.	1
Although our method is firmly rooted in the objective approach paradigm, we differ from other objective journal ranking studies in that, we consider the set of journals to be a social network.	1
However, based on my managerial experience in creating or operating large scientific infrastructures,1 I shall try to point out some difficulties, perhaps known to a certain extent.	1
His research focuses on the intersection between information exchange, social norms, and social interaction in online settings, with a particular focus on textuality and interpretive practices.	0
To fill these gaps, this paper uses a sample of highly cited journal papers in the field of agricultural economics published by Chinese scholars not only in journals in China but also in journals in other countries over the past decade.	1
First, we review relevant studies on CSC's performance to summarize their findings and identify gaps in the literature.	0
We will discuss a case of more than two journals in Section 3.4.	0
The survey was approved by the Georgia Institute of Technology Institutional Review Board (IRB #H17208).	0
This paper reports on the development of a statistical method for data-mining bibliographic information in order to describe and analyse ‘distinctive' events or transformative developmental patterns within R&D processes.	1
The authors declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing interests:	0
This work was performed at the Department of Orthopaedics, Navy General Hospital, Beijing, China.	0
In this paper, the author quantifies the publishing choices of a set of scholars to confirm this ecological perspective.	1
The results show that the new approach can more accurately reveal the relevant relations between authors and map a more detailed domain intellectual structure.	1
Finally, this novel source of information enables us to dig deeper into the role of capstone funding agencies in creating a larger ecology of funders and principal investigators.	1
By bringing attention to the (mis)match between citations and textual similarity, citational lensing can help reveal more of the true impact that countries imprint on discourses across scientific fields and on the disproportionate attention and recognition that some research receives.	1
Amsterdamska, Dimensions of citation analysis, Science, Technology and Human Values 15(3) (1990) 305-335.	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Thus, in the research presented in this paper, we combined social network analysis with semi-structured interviews with key authors to develop a typology of co-authorship styles.	1
A comparison has been shown in Table 5 with existing scientometric studies.	1
This implies that our ranking results should be carefully used by interested parties taking into account the above limitations.	0
High-frequency users or creators of social media are more likely to be age 50 or younger and, contrary to our expectations, read more scholarly materials than others.	1
This study aims to fill this gap by providing an in-depth analysis and comparison of the number, distribution, and citation proportions of papers published in CSSCI and SSCI by elite and non-elite universities in China.	1
In this paper, we document a new loophole which is currently exploited: sneaking undue references during the DOI registration process by supplying additional and irrelevant fabricated metadata.	1
This work was supported by the Project for Outstanding Chinese Scientific Journals [2019-B10], which is funded by the China Association for Science and Technology.	0
This study aims to fill this gap by examining how one researcher navigates and reflects on invitations to publish outside their primary areas of expertise.	1
Firstly this paper identified a set of objective and subjective evaluation criteria, then developed a fuzzy distance-based method to determine evaluators' weights which minimizes the sum of the Euclidean distances between all pairs of fuzzy evaluation results to enhance group consensus.	1
One solution most editorials do agree on is that more funding for research and academic positions is needed.	0
The most cited article of each scientist was included in a secondary analysis.	0
To insure anonymity and focus solely on overall perspectives the researchers only collected career stage (early = 1–10 years, mid = 11–20 years, senior = 21+ years), gender, and academic program demographics.	0
The comparison study can help us understand the influence of the different types of documents on the results of topic modeling analysis.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Total number of publications and publications in journals of the SCI database per million of population for Balkan and East Mediterranean countries.	0
In turn, this article elicits new analytical objects that re-describe publication ethics as a form of expertise, beyond (and despite) the rehearsed axioms of this now well-established professional field.	1
Many papers have explored, respectively, the byline and contribution lists.	1
Amy Pooler for their expert guidance; all authors of the chosen key articles for their comments; all postgraduate assessors for their input in the assessment phase of the project and to Esther Nagy for her assistance throughout the project.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0022-0418.htm	0
A growing geometric hypergraph is proposed here to model this process.	1
An overview of these indicators in given in the list in this section.	0
The interactive statistics package PLUM (McCullagh, 1979) was used to implement this procedure with the data for each of the 18 cost centres.	0
Downloaded by University of South Australia At 21:34 19 March 2018 (PT)	0
4 Classification of papers according to the categories: only men, only women and men and women	0
* Tel.: +1 509 335 1511; fax: +1 509 335 0116.	0
Our study has three main contributions to the literature.	1
Besides the contextual contributions in providing a more complete picture of the interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion in business research, this study also applies some state of the art econometric techniques to the citation networks of the six disciplines.	1
Received July 9, 2014; revised October 15, 2014; accepted October 16, 2014	0
The tables presented here given only a tiny part of the results.	0
This paper was presented at the ISSI2009 (12th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics; 07/14-17/2009) and published in the Proceedings of the Conference.	0
No use, distribution or reproduction is permitted which does not comply with these terms.	0
All together, our study found that the Journal Impact Factor plays no relevant role in the medical guidelines with regard to publication dates, or as criteria for the selection of references.	1
Another useful value added is offered by this paper, not only because it is the first to apply bibliometric techniques to management research literature in Latin America, but also because, in so doing, it complements and improves the findings of other studies that have approached the subject from the qualitative perspective.	1
Keywords: multidisciplinary research; Early Career Researchers (ECRs); academic strategy; research funding.	0
Comparing Table 3 and Appendix B, the respondents are approximately representative of the chosen sample subject areas in terms of numbers.	0
Seeking the reasons for such a behaviour is out of scope for this paper and we leave it as an interesting question for future research.	0
Finally, this work incorporates the full genre portolio a major limitation in previous studies which relied on single-genre databases (e.g., Web of Science), rather than a comprehensive analysis of the authors' oeuvres.	1
Received February 7, 2012; revised March 16, 2012; accepted March 19, 2012	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/374574013	0
Region was the only significant factor for mean percent change in funding from 2009–2018, with the Western region showing a 33.79% increase in purchasing power.	1
This analysis on the influence of being a Twitter member in the impact and spreading of academic outputs has reported several interesting results that allow us to discuss the role of this network in the academic communication system.	1
Additional services and information for Evaluation Review can be found at:	0
The goal of this study is to characterize, for the first time, the citation behavior of this large and important CS field, while controlling for year, venue type, and research area.	1
rather than looking at the promised number of citations implied by the journal impact factor or article influence score, we look at actual citations to an author's work.	1
Give the points above, it is clear that the interconnections between EFL learner resilience, autonomy, and engagement with their motivation and psychological well-being have not received enough attention in the EFL context of China.	1
Its original contribution resulted in presenting a unique pattern of the North-American and European scientific networks and their effects in terms of joint publications contributing to the development of the strategic management field.	1
Thus, we propose an end-to-end deep learning framework (DeepCCP), consisting of graph structure representation and recurrent neural network modules.	1
Compared with the original disruption metric, our modified index could better distinguish innovative papers from developing papers and has stronger robustness against random link removal.	1
The size of the spheres indicates the number of articles in the journals.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
1 School of Foreign Languages, Central China Normal University, Wuhan 430000, China	0
The main contributions of this paper are twofold.	1
The research assistance of Pamela Bulloch, Harriet Gluckman, Priscilla John and Norman Panico is gratefully ac- knowledged.	0
Niels Weertman from Science Direct for providing the necessary usage data.	0
In this paper, the top ten occurrences of the tf-idf (term frequency–inverse document frequency) value in each cluster are regarded as terms characteristic of that cluster.	0
Since plagiarism detection goes far and beyond the task of identifying copied text from an earlier work into another author’s work, it would be beneficial for the profession that expert linguists use an integrated approach, analysing the appropriateness of the questioned text in its context of production.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Indeed, to the best of our knowledge, this study represents only the second attempt (after the study by Efron et al.	1
Second, we add to the literature on international mobility in academic careers (e.g., Cruz-Castro & Sanz-Menendez, 2010; Richardson, 2009) by identifying the patterns of post-Ph.D.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that compared the quality and quantity of publications in orthopedics-related journals from China and the USA, UK, Germany, France and Japan.	1
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
Our study indicates that competence in scientific disciplines is a multidimensional construct.	1
Received 21 June 2021; Received in revised form 13 October 2021; Accepted 28 March 2022	0
The comparison of approaches in this paper provides first insights into the variability of the solutions delivered, and first suggestions of how specific features of approaches shape the topical structures that they construct.	1
In addition, a new bibliometric approach (Goyal & Kumar, 2021) based on indicators and using the Visualizing Scientific Landscape (VOS viewer) software was used to analyse WoS CC publications.	1
However, these papers have not performed an analysis of the global trends, so there is a lack of information on some relevant aspects such as which are the main countries or research centers, the knowledge flows established between them, or the impact of this field of research on the scientific community.	1
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
The present work investigates the relations between amplitude and type of collaboration (intramural, extramural domestic or international) and output of specialized versus diversified research.	1
Third, an explanation of the data used and methodology is provided.	0
This function is performed by the Thomson Reuters selection of journals.	0
His dissertation title is 'Science and Superconductivity: A Statistical and Historical Case Study in the Theory of Science'.	0
In this study we have proposed the co-citation network to redefine the unit's field without resorting to a pre-defined classification system.	1
while this phenomenon has been largely acknowledged in the profession, there is a lack of clarity on the factors that motivate librarians to seek research collaborators.	1
What is particularly encouraging here is the fact that the top producers are responsible for a significantly smaller portion of the total publications reflected in the 10- year period of the study.	0
The first draft of the manuscript was written by Samantha Suter, and all authors commented on previous versions of the manuscript.	0
For convenience of exposition, this technique is henceforth referred to as the power-impact (PI) technique for determining knowledge-dissemination channel stature.	0
This paper has benefited much from comments from two referees, Hanne Andersen, Mikkel Willum Johansen, S?ren Harnow Klausen, Jan Alexis Nielsen, and Henrik Kragh S?rensen.	0
Second, to a large extent, differences in country citation distributions can be accounted for by scale factors.	1
Distributions of changes in position for Medicine professors under Fl and I ranking lists, under WFI and FI lists, and WFI-I lists.	0
We argued that Argentina developed a scientific policy with a democratizing orientation and a horizontal expansion, both stimulating internationalized and nationally-oriented elites.	1
9) refers to the smallest feasible value of the objective (12).	0
relationships will be examined in the multivariate analyses that follow, I note here that these relationships remain for both sociology and linguistics but are slightly stronger in sociology.	0
We argue that the Chinese case offers interesting material to elaborate the theoretical understanding of how an ecology of valuation regimes operates.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first wide-scale study to focus on a non-integer h-like index.	1
I want to thank Mike Boissevain, Jan van Dijk, Peter van der Schaar, Rob Verhoef and Kees Vissers for their participation in the research reported here.	0
Work of Fang Xu is supported by the NSFC under grant no.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
To our knowledge, there has been limited use of local metrics on any systemic scale beyond simple counts, such as downloads.	1
By doing so, this study contributes to the existing body of knowledge represented by earlier bibliometric investigations on sustainability research (Bautista-Puig et al., 2021; Buter & Van Raan, 2013; Kajikawa et al., 2014) and further develops the Bourdieu-inspired approach to the bibliometric study of scholarly fields (Schirone, 2023).	1
Our approach is consistent with Symon and Cassell's (1998) observation that there is a wide range of qualitative methods available to management scholars.	0
One feature that distinguishes our analysis from previous bibliometric studies of forest science is its theoretical perspective.	1
With pmparser and PMDB, researchers seeking to use the wealth of data in PubMed have two new options: create their own implementation of the database or use ours.	1
This work addresses the issue of quantifying interdisciplinarity by proposing a method to rank scientific publications (such as papers and patents) and their producers (scholars, inventors, institutions, companies, and countries) according to their scientific impact and its breadth over different scientific disciplines.	1
L'objectif de ce travail était de proposer une nouvelle méthode générique pour limiter une requête quelconque effectuée en utilisant PubMed en utilisant le facteur d'impact ?	1
This study examines how discipline, institutional mission and academic role predict a scientist's likelihood to participate in interdisciplinary, inter-institutional and cross-role collaborations.	1
1 The intervals are of the form [a, b), where the lowest interval is equal to [0, 0.2).	0
We take advantage of the network nature of the co-authorship data to implement the PSM approach, which allows us to use a global perspective on the authors' position instead of one based on one-to-one relationships.	1
It aims to build an evolutionary model of the international collaboration network and explore the relationships between collaboration and the import and export volume, geographical distance, and the mean number of Internet users of collaborative countries.	1
To improve identification of contributors to manuscripts, editors of medical journals have developed authorship responsibility criteria.	0
In doing so, it contributes new insights about disciplinary development, interdisciplinarity, and peer review as a site of knowledge construction.	1
This paper applied two fairly new metrics in a pilot study that created two new citation- based rankings for academics in Economics & Business in the Netherlands.	1
It also enriches the strong tie theory by suggesting the strength of strong domestic ties could be reinforced by openness.	1
The following section describes the dataset used for the analysis, the elaborations, and the results concerning the accuracy of measure of impact in function of the length of the citation window.	0
In other words, we see that Nc – unlike Np – scales with community size.	0
For further relevant examples of data at the level of countries see the data presented in the papers of Bayers(2005), Shelton and Holdridge (2004), and Reiss et al (2004).	0
The scientometrics method proposed in this study is capable of unveiling knowledge structure created by the Korean journal papers in the fields of S&T.	1
La ocurrencia de afiliaciones intersectoriales bajas combinadas con una internacionalización limitada, donde los autores académicos se afilian principalmente a universidades nacionales, puede verse limitada por contratos laborales académicos que normalmente imponen restricciones a tales arreglos (Hottenrott; Lawson, 2017; 2022).	0
In the medical sciences, open access is a revolutionary approach to sharing and distributing research, development, and innovation, provided that strict rules for quality control are maintained all throughout the process.	1
The larger the node or cluster, the more frequently the keyword is used, while the thicker the edge, the higher the frequency of the connected keywords.	0
In this case, we were not able to include these publications.	0
Downloaded by University of Pennsylvania Libraries At 07:56 25 June 2018 (PT)	0
This section describes the results of the first and second phases of analysis, and how they can be synthesized and interpreted, even by nonbibliometricians.	0
First, studies on effective components used published journal articles and analyzed the title elements found in highly cited articles (Jacques & Sebire, 2010; Jamali & Nikzab, 2011; Paiva et al., 2012; Subotic & Mukherjee, 2014) rather than studies evaluating the efficacy of various elements with real human participants.	1
This provides a type of qualification in the idea that there is much deeper background behind mathematics, where analogy and representation and expression are the fertile ground on which the later subjects are built.	0
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
His interests include scholarly communication, scientometrics, library collection development, and nonprofit management.	0
More generally, we urge that Wiley Publishers and other commercial publishers realize that the future of scholarly publishing is not just one of open access, but rather open participation, such that the fullest scholarly community can participate in all dimensions of scholarly communications.	1
Our study provides the first attempt at causal evidence, although not perfect, of the benefits of having discussants at conferences and the channels through which conferences impact knowledge production and dissemination.	1
2 School of Social Sciences, University of Iceland, S?mundargata 2, 101, Reykjavik, Iceland	0
Since the papers from large geography conferences are an important manifestation of the trending topics and frontiers of geographical research, we break through the limitations of traditional conference reviews through implementation of a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of conference papers.	1
In this paper, a new and comprehensive index, the journal editorship index (JEI), is proposed to measure research excellence and evaluate institutional reputation.	1
This is first of its kind study done in NEHU.	1
In each panel we only analyze editors with NE ≥ 10 articles to avoid small sample size fluctuations; vertical dashed lines indicate distribution mean.	0
In closing, we distinguished various forms of HARKing and our results offer information about when and why various forms of HARKing are more or less likely to produce bias in published results.	1
This paper proposes a simple axiom-based way to build a practical scholar-ranking metric that incorporates the reputation of the journal in which an article appears.	1
From the Division of Vascular Surgery, University of Utah Medical Center.	0
Trying to answer these questions, this study aims to shed light on international collaboration by researchers from the Eastern European countries...	1
1 School of Public Health, College of Health Sciences, Addis Ababa University	0
First, we demonstrate through our analysis that this strategy is no longer confined to new commercial publishers.	1
This may justify the search for archiving solutions that are expedient in the short term.	0
We believe to have found a possible solution to the problem.	1
The detailed analysis findings were then discussed further in the following section.	0
This study is the first of its kind, given that previous studies have focused on very specific education areas, and analyses the training, self-perception (personal view) and competencies (skills) of young adults in Spain when searching for information on the internet, understanding search strategy as ‘the procedure that allows for the structuring of the sequence of steps to be followed when searching for information' (García-Martínez, 2011, p.	1
The details can be found in Langmuir's notes, as transcribed and edited by R.	0
Received January 3, 2013; revised August 27, 2013; accepted August 27, 2013	0
The paper's second contribution is to offer one such synthetic model, drawing on the rich empirical literature on how researchers search for, read, and cite papers.	1
Indeed, the direction change and diversity change are two different things.	1
Further, this study firstly highlights the critical roles of scientific relatedness and intellectual base in paper citations.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0953-4814.htm	0
“Success” is the ability to complete an action such as send e-mail, download a Web page, download a file, or access a remote computer.	0
This paper reflects the findings and conclusions of the authors and does not necessarily reflect the views of IMLS, OCLC, and ALISE.	0
In addition, we conduct a detail geographic, research content, and citation analyses to shed light on the diversity of authorship, research methods, and impact among articles in IREF.	1
(1996), "Communication networks and the rise of an information elite", http://web.mit.edu/marshall/www/home.htmlVan de Ven, A., Delbecq, A., Koenig, R.	0
This article presents the w-tree, a compact representation for webgraphs designed specifically for external memory.	1
It does so by using an institutional repository of master theses as the main data source, an approach that is quite uncommon in bibliometrics.	1
Please note that the link grants access to data in the form of .xlsx and .csv files.	0
Yet, evidence of societal impact of national journals and open access remains relatively weak.	1
5B, such as ‘‘evolution’’, ‘‘biology’’, ‘‘neuron’’, ‘‘cognition’’, ‘‘dynamics’’, ‘‘simulation’’, and ‘‘modeling’’.	0
The bibliometrics of taxonomic botany have previously been little studied; likewise citations from monographs.	1
Investigations of the subject can easily be performed by anyone with access to a large library and a strong index finger (at least the latter should probably be your own).	0
Table 3 Number of titles with colons and question marks in Hartley's book chapters and articles	0
Acknowledgements This research has been supported by the Major Program of National Fund of Philosophy and Social Science of China (Grant No.	0
Commercial use or systematic downloading (by robots or other automatic processes) is prohibited without explicit Publisher approval, unless otherwise noted.	0
So, in this paper, we aim to advance knowledge in regard to the effects of science policy on publication patterns, with specific respect to the Polish policy regimes.	1
NSF in effect would be the conduit for basic research funds from SDI projects to universities.	0
Regardless of what was in the literature the trending data at UC was worth reporting.	0
Received 18 January 2024; Received in revised form 22 April 2024; Accepted 24 April 2024	0
By conveying the voice of my participants, this paper pays tribute to these diligent and respectable scholars.	0
We took advantage of the specific conditions under which online exams were administered during the COVID-19 crisis, where cheating was predictably widespread, to develop a new strategy to discourage cheating.	1
The exploration of individual and organisational scholarly collaboration patterns of Iranian researchers can show the strengths and weaknesses of scholarly communication systems in Iran.	0
This paper adds to the body of work by examining how uncertainty and liquidity constraints affect the use of research inputs and by highlighting the value of high frequency data in studying the knowledge production process.	1
Conflict of interest The authors state that there is no conflict of interest.	0
A description of both types of structural significance under consideration follows:	0
The IF is an arithmetic mean, so it seems it might depend on only a few highly cited papers.	0
Overview of our analytical framework to investigate interdisciplinary knowledge integration of the eHealth field.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
In fact, of those 164 titles, 130 were cited only once, results that largely conform to the Bradford distribution.	0
Our results have obvious value for those interested in this journal, but also value for social science scholars in many different disciplines.	1
This paper presents an alternative approach to using editorial board memberships as the basis for assessing the scholarly impact of economics institutions.	1
It is not possible to establish a baseline, but spreading 439 publications amongst 89 lecturers over the 40 years since the first publication implies that each lecturer authored about 0.1 of a publication per year.	0
The authors thank Johan Hoek for writing the computer programs used for the scientometric analysis in this study; the project is part of the program by R.	0
This is a first attempt to define where Brazilian university interacts with society.	1
The results obtained in the present study suggest that the use of multi-scale strategies in combination with LinLog energy models, is a very efficient method to achieve high quality layouts for large networks	1
An independent analysis, based on scientific communities or clusters and the relationships between them based on citation and main keywords, has also been considered in this research.	1
The following results are related to the main F&V species, which account for more than 2 % of the F&V corpus.	0
For the same reason, the category of military science is taken as a single node.	0
We are indebted to Sandrine Reyes and Susanne Sch?fer for their help in the compilation of the data set and to our colleagues at SLAC and elsewhere for maintaining and operating SPIRES.	0
What's more, a ten-year period is long enough to allow us to observe some of the evolution of one subject.	0
For example, some historical figures have been important during their lifetimes but long since forgotten by most (e.g., the later Roman emperors) while others' reputations and influence have endured (e.g., George Washington).	0
422 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2003	0
We thank Joanne Bonaminio from the NREF for providing data about the award recipients and AANS members.	0
Although the literature does point to a concern with the rise in predatory publishers and a lack of knowledge on the part of some scholars in recognizing them, no studies in the literature specifically examined how much content in predatory journals students may use in their own research papers and assignments as they retrieve articles from library databases.	1
4, wherein each node color corresponds to different representative research groups of the respective universities.	0
For a more detailed explanation, please refer to the full Wikipedia entry http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Application_programming_interface.	0
Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS), University of Leiden, P.O.	0
This article is the first research for the evolution of the Turing Award Collaboration Network.	1
Our study has made it possible to visualize the production that occurs outside the main collaboration networks worldwide.	1
Hence, in this exploratory study we implemented these approaches to understand this trend.	1
Ellison: Department of Economics, MIT, 50 Memorial Drive, E52-380A, Cambridge, MA 02142-1347.	0
The correlation of parsimonious citers measure with citers (r = 0.907) and citations (r = 0.988) for the AAAI fellows case.	0
Only countries with the number of articles >100 are included in the analysis.	0
Keywords India · Bangladesh · Pakistan · Sri Lanka · Publication analysis · Country h-indices	0
This essay makes three interrelated claims: first, that functions and political usages of quantification are many and varied; second, that only some of them owe their existence to the New Public Management model, while others, and arguably much older ones (see below), developed independently of it; third, that the prevalence of a certain mode of quantification reflects a wider perception of the causes of academic underperformance.	1
Unlike these last two works, we automatically identify academic genealogy graphs from curricular data by including the curriculum vitae of both PhD and Master's researchers and employ name matching to merge duplicated researchers and relationships.	1
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
However, the methodology proposed in this research can be equally applied to the study of the more general Web-searching activities (noncatalog).	0
It is also available from the publisher's web site at http://muse.jhu.edu/login?auth=0&type=summary&url=/journals/portal_libraries_and_the_academy/v009/9.1.walters.html	0
Undergraduate education is primarily designed to impart a basic knowledge base.	0
We believe that this study will argue in favor of revising the existing metrics used for quantifying scientific success.	1
Our study found that citation counts of papers follow the same evolution law whether we analyze a discipline, a subject, or a journal: citations of papers published in the same year but different month are obviously different during the first few years.	1
As a final point, readers should bear in mind that the Altmetric score may slightly fluctuate over time.	0
In addition, to the best of our knowledge, no other study analyzed so far the association between energy and the keywords green, sustainable and renewable from a bibliometric point of view.	1
In this paper, we have provided a framework to evaluate possible gender effects in the evaluation of research when either assessment panels or journal ratings are utilised.	1
We could expect that, across disciplines, interdisciplinarity is systematically higher in more specialized journals than in more generalist ones.	0
However, Publons (http://home.publons.com) now offers a way to explore this academic activity.	1
The steps we used to process and query the e-mail addresses are shown in Fig 2.	0
No study has investigated the factors affecting the performance of academic staff in Arab countries, especially in Saudi universities.	1
A joint citation intent representation model is proposed in this paper, which combines pretrained language models with various heterogeneous features.	1
?Department of Rural Health, University of Newcastle, Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia	0
where Fr – productivity of the source with rank r in the given subject field,	0
The study improves on previous studies on the OA citation advantage by measuring not only the mean number of citations articles have received, but by using two additional measures of citation advantage, viz whether an article was cited at all; and whether an article is among the most frequently cited percentile of articles within its respective subject area (pptopX %).	1
He reports that the natural sciences tend to fall into the former category, while the humanities and social sciences fall into the latter.	0
(2) Which themes and keywords are most prominently featured in the literature?	1
2 Carnegie designations changed in 2006, during the administration of the survey.	0
Unexpectedly, we found that the largest decline in attention was to the most recent literature – i.e.	1
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
[1] This categorical variable was codified as follows: AMJ (1), AMR (2), ASQ (3), HR (4), JM (5), JMS (6), MS (7), OS (8), OST (9) and SMJ (10).	0
The % above the expected value of 10% are reported in italics while the % below the expected 10% are reported in bold	0
Third, the research also examined the link between faculty research outcomes and research productivity at the university level as well as the direct/indirect impact of different variables on university research productivity.	1
Section 2.2 then describes acquisition models for both DBLP and CiteSeer.	0
We conclude in Section 7 with a brief discussion of the limitations of our analysis, and its implications for scholarship and policymakers.	0
Trying to find primi inter pares for borderline papers which received the same number of citations, one should, at first, study some of their substantial characteristics.	1
This study addresses several limitations of existing work toward understanding authorship growth in biomedicine.	1
First they are able to use our newly created metrics to evaluate their own policies The new net exports metrics that we create is useful for evaluating national research policy.	1
The publications in high impact journals with low impact scores are discussed in the text.	0
5 For a highly lucid analysis on the same topic at about the same time, see Shapley (1959).	0
Publisher’s Note: All claims expressed in this article are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of their affiliated organizations, or those of the publisher, the editors and the reviewers.	0
Our study sheds light on the 40-year development dynamics of intramedullary nailing.	1
Previously, errors notes the steady rise in retractions (Cokol et al.	0
For instance, a professor of high international reputation left the group and there was no second man or woman in command to take over on the same level.	0
In place of the simple counting of publications, the method applied begins from the citations to the works, which are much more reliable in measuring the real impact of the new knowledge produced.	1
With regards to the self-organizing nature of technological development by communities of practice, our method promises clear advantages over US-class-based patent mapping techniques.	1
To date, limited studies have examined the citations of articles published in predatory journals, and none appears to have been done in marketing.	1
If I don't write for our top journals, I might as well be writing a letter to my mother.	0
Therefore, this new way of looking to interdisciplinarity reinforces a third form of transaction in higher education institutions: social sharing and exchange.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(11):2195-2205, 2012	0
Because we exploit a discrete shift in the location of researchers, our analysis brings greater explanatory power as to the causal effect of proximity on collaboration patterns.	1
To our knowledge, our work is the first to report the results of a comparison of two comparable interactive maps of science.	1
Faculty trained in otolaryngology, gynecology, neurosurgery, or urology were not included.	0
The authors are unaware of any report describing the distribution of h among academic emergency physicians (AEPs).	1
a Leventhal School of Accounting, Marshall School of Business, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089-0441, USA	0
f denotes the frequency of each author in our data set.	0
By doing so, we contribute to the assessment of the current status of research on the SDGs and demonstrate research gaps as well as potential for further collaboration which is essential for achieving progress towards the goals.	1
Casey Cunningham, Coralie Farlee, Peterhans Hofschneider, Stephen Lock, Koscak Maruyama, Alex Muller, Francis Waldvogel, and David Weatherall for helpful comments and criticism.	0
In fact, they only reflect the personal beliefs of the senior editor.	0
The regression equation is a mathematical formula that can be used to predict the outcome—in this case downloads—based on the predictor variables.	0
In this study, a new method for mapping the social structure of research fields is advanced, based on the analysis of the acknowledgments of academic publications.	1
In this study, we aim to evaluate the global scientific output of laparoscopy research, and try to find an alternative statistical approach to quantitatively and qualitatively assess the current global research trend on laparoscopy.	1
The Kendall (1960) distribution was taken from Chen and Leimkuhler (1986), as grouped by Sichel (1985).	0
I would like to thank Michael Barany, Evan Hepler-Smith, Aileen Fyfe, Michael Gordin, Erika Milam, the attendees at the November 2017 "Funding Bodies in Late Modern Science" workshop, the members of the Consortium for History of Science, Technology, and Medicine's Physical Sciences Working Group, and the referees for productive questions, suggestions, and encouragement.	0
Received: 5 April 2021 / Accepted: 20 December 2021 / Published online: 5 January 2022	0
These findings contribute to the growing literature on scientific punitiveness (Didier and Guaspare-Cartron, 2018; Dubois and Guaspare, 2019; Hesselmann, 2019; Hesselmann et al., 2017; Hesselmann and Reinhart, 2021; Horbach and Halffman, 2017; Mongeon and Larivière, 2016).	1
In light of these factors, we examine the collaborative publishing trends on the international scale for RIRE-related research in the past three decades.	1
The discipline connection in the case of Twitter platform is also analyzed.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The formula for the Spearman rank-order correlation is, rR = 1 ?	0
The averages of authors and addresses (from the same country or different) per article were 3.9 and 2.4, respectively.	0
Received: 10 May 2017 / Revised: 26 June 2017 / Accepted: 17 July 2017	0
Larson, executive director of the Industrial Research Institute, Washington, D.C., which is made up of corporate R&D managers, says intellectual capital represents the new wave of interest in industry.	0
The supplemental material of this work contains screenshots of each section on the website, together with an explanation for each one.	0
We aim to harness the power of big scholarly data to investigate scholars' academic-age-aware collaboration patterns.	1
Received: 25 August 2020 / Accepted: 4 February 2021 / Published online: 6 March 2021	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first to use the word-embedding technique to measure the novelty of scientific documents.	1
With that said, our first findings suggest that the temporal distribution of guideline references exceed the 2 or even 5 year “JIF window.”	1
By including all journals in the analysis, we were able to generate a more comprehensive list of top-cited OBGYN articles.	1
All academy members (five women and 38 men) hold the rank of professor at their institutions.	0
Articles with high citation rates are one indicator of journal prestige.	0
In short, this article aims to add to a line of bibliometric research of publications not only by examining different levels of collaboration but also by linking article’s novelty back to funding sources.	1
document the health status of the population and of important subgroups	0
Supported by the Research Fund of the Universidad Austral de Chile.	0
* This table shows the number of authors, addresses, citations, references, and subject categories listed in WoS and SciELO CI.	0
In this paper, we will outline an approach to analyze societal impact of research that is based on a distinction between three dimensions of societal impact: (1) epistemological, (2) artefactual and (3) interactional-institutional foundations of impact.	1
Two reference librarians launched a faculty publishing initiative by creating a LibGuide that addressed common questions on scholarly metrics and directed faculty with specific publishing questions to librarians for one-on-one consultations.	1
Note: significant differences between all pair of groups in Nanoscience (p<0.01); between all pairs of groups (p < 0.001) except 2 vs.	0
This study will enrich research on the relationship between mobility factors and scientific productivity, as well as individual influences and international collaboration.	1
By analysing co-authorship networks of ISPIM, this paper is the first attempt to understand the structure of this particular community, and can thus reveal interesting implications, as well as future research possibilities.	1
The exact start and end years are relatively arbitrary but were chosen to be round numbers.	0
Unless stated otherwise, when the terms "libraries" and "librarians" are used, the reader should assume them to mean "academic libraries” or “academic librarians."	0
First, the study tested the classification performance of three kinds of machine learning models, including tree-based models (Random Forests, SVM, and LightGBM), Neural Network models (Neural Network, TabNet), and Probability-based models (Naive Bayes).	1
At first glance, it seems like only a few users' accesses could be satisfied by TAIR (2,845 records, 2.288%) and OAIster (7,645 records, 6.148%).	0
This category would have 13 publishers if BioInfo Publications is not counted.	0
Note: This word cloud refers to 5,623 papers published in journals rated by the Australian Business Deans Council.	0
This study provides a first insight in scientific engagement in the first years as medical doctor.	1
Obviously, the attempts of new bibliometric method in this paper could be a valuable supplement to the traditional co-word analysis; meanwhile, it maybe is much more helpful for those interdisciplinary researchers.	1
The result was a panel of slightly more than twenty people representing a mix of disciplines that included biologists (experts in bird, bat, frog, fish, or insect studies), robotics, artificial intelligence, controls, autonomous aircraft, fluid dynamics, sensors, neuroscience, cognitive science, autonomous underwater vehicles, aerodynamics, propulsion, and avionics.	0
The rows are labeled numerically with 1 being the first row.	0
We have every reason to celebrate our journal's third birthday, because this is perhaps the most significant milestone in the life of a new journal: the first opportunity when its impact on the wider scientific community can be adequately assessed.	0
3 We were concerned that the new journal classification system would generate some categories that would be so small as to be insignificant.	0
So far, no comprehensive bibliometric analysis is available regarding the articles reporting on RCTs in dentistry in children and adolescents.	1
Because of space limitations, the full list of delayed OA journals cannot be provided within this article.	0
Our model contributes towards these efforts by integrating diverse citing motivations.	1
For the clustering approaches detailed in this paper, we rely on a new semantic representation of articles to determine their similarities.	1
And last, although we draw from case studies of particular centers, programs, and universities, we scale up our analysis to study over 150 research universities nationwide, providing a stronger foundation for generalization.	1
To sum up, ours is the first study to use a virtually complete sample of all German academic political scientists to show that women tend to be favored over men in the hiring process for tenured professorships, before and after controlling for various factors, most importantly productivity (but see [65, 66] for the discipline of sociology in Germany).	1
While scholarly work has been prolific in discussing the intended and unintended consequences of grant performances, we know very little about the actual practice of writing grant proposals.	1
Ours is the first study to compare the effects of different models of collaboration between researchers and the associated quality of their co-authored SRs of psoriasis.	1
We would like to thank Keisuke Kondo, Research Institute of Economy, Trade and Industry (RIETI), for his generous support in using his Stata command.	0
As the size of the newsletter increased, so did the size and complexity of the editorial team and manager.	0
The measurement of the research output of universities: problems and proposals	0
As a follow up study to a previous research on OCLC library holdings, the relationship between library holdings and twelve other metrics including Scopus Citations, Google Books (GB) Citations, Goodreads engagements, and Altmetric indicators were examined for 119,794 Scopus-indexed book titles across 26 fields.	1
However, a number of researchers and scholars have argued that China-US trade war disrupted the global supply chain, reduced carbon emissions in the trade process, and favored the quality of the global environment (Liu et al., 2020a; Wang et al., 2024a).	0
The current study allowed me to identify 451 suspicious papers that are most likely associated with the Russian paper mill 'International Publisher' LLC.	1
This shows that the h-index enjoys a number of interesting mathematical properties as an operator in the partially ordered positive cone (R+) of all infinite sequences with non-negative real values.	1
The correlation coefficient between burger price and hourly wage is p = 0.99.	0
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
By developing a two-mode network from raw publication data, and by using network analysis metrics, we were able to answer new questions about communication journals and research scholars to determine which periodicals and who, exactly, might be considered central or in the thick of things.	1
Published by: The University of Chicago Press on behalf of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific	0
However, we currently limit such definitions to degree centrality of articles.	0
Our study provides insights into second-level governance effects, moving beyond previous studies focusing primarily on effects on research organizations rooted in national contexts.	1
* Author to whom correspondence should be addressed; E-Mail: karin.vitzthum@charite.de; Tel.: +49-30-450-529598, Fax: +49-30-450529980.	0
The most important finding of our study is that 3 times as many journals in our sample (65%) had a retraction policy compared to an earlier study in a similar group of journals (21%) [12].	1
The lack of an up-to-date data concerning the factors that influence country SCR in clinical neurology and information relating to the impact of self-citations on country worldwide ranking prompted us to do this study.	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 License.	0
The motivation for this article and research came from a variety of reasons; the first is that no such analyze was performed, specially for the Journal CHB, the second is, in our opinion, the excellence of the Journal, which publishes the best science within its scope and, therefore, develops from year to year, and thirdly by reason of belonging to this particular Journal and being able to contribute something to its visibility.	1
This study aimed to analyze the 100 most-cited hyperbaric-related publications of the past 10 years to understand the trends in HBO2 research.	1
As indicated by the intercepts, the single best years occur at earlier ages than the other two standard deviation peaks.	0
How to cite this article: Saunders TFC, Rymer BC, McNamara KJ.	0
For this reason, the reader is cautioned that the choices were to some extent arbitrary, and reflect the biases of the authors.	0
Second, the study documents which individuals are most likely to feel these pressures on the basis of where they work and their prior research achievements, highlighting the self-reinforcing nature of rankings, status and professional aspiration.	1
Many thanks to all the individuals who participated in the survey.	0
A longer discussion of this topic is, however, outside the scope of this article.	0
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
Analysis from this study will facilitate the discussion of the optimal subscription/publishing options for the Indian researchers to stay relevant and connected to the research frontiers.	1
Because clinical research and basic research are located at different positions in the time- line of medical translation, there are certain differences in translation intensity between the two types of studies.	1
As we recalled in the introduction, RPYS involves the use of a spectrogram.	0
Distinguished from related works, this paper focuses on the development of CELAJs from the perspective of internationalization.	1
In contrast, the current article tracks the accumulation of readers in Mendeley for six journals during their publication year.	1
The following extract from one of the reviewed papers provides an illustrative example.	0
Received: 27 May 2021 / Accepted: 11 October 2021 / Published online: 8 November 2021	0
This problem is especially serious when the period of analysis is relatively short.	0
Similar dependencies face other fields of science, and thus this study provides broadly relevant quantitative observational empirical findings supplemented with a critical social science analysis of how a transcultural Science and Technology Studies lens is useful for unpacking the webs of path dependencies driving, inhibiting and/or shaping global knowledge production, placing meaning and context over observed empirical trends.	1
This suggests that Mendeley readership counts may be useful impact indicators for both newer and older articles.	1
Given the relatively few previous studies of citation errors in library science journals, and the lack of quotation accuracy studies, we felt that further research was warranted.	1
Invitations to participate and an information sheet were sent via email.	0
Indeed, federal regulations expressly embrace this perspective, and the federal Office of Research Integrity has never deemed an organization guilty of committing RM.	1
The diagram shows the quarterly moving averages, to filter chance fluctuations.	0
The research method can also be used to explore the characteristics of knowledge absorption of a discipline from other ones.	1
Data accessibility: The data used in this study were obtained from the openly accessible websites of PLOS ONE, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Management Science, and Web of Science; parsed and merged data, and supplementary code are available at https://doi.org/10.6071/M39W8V.	0
Moreover, this study has the potential to make a significant contribution to the field of LIS by providing a comprehensive and systematic analysis of the research output of the BRICS countries, using bibliometric tools and techniques.	1
Our paper focuses primarily on the manuscript decision aspect of the editor-manuscript game.	1
Conflict of Interest The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest.	0
We adopt here a new method, called OSLOM2 for Order Statistics Local Optimization Method, which is more appropriate for directed acyclical networks (Lancichinetti et al. 2011).	1
(Received 6 November 2009; revised manuscript received 23 February 2010; published 24 March 2010)	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 56(11):1217–1226, 2005	0
We did not receive specific funding for the research published in this paper.	0
This is an example of a discipline in which this means of scientific communication is widespread (39 proceedings).	0
1 School of Information Management of Nanjing University, Nanjing 210023, China	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 53(9):764–774, 2002	0
In the above analysis we have attempted to provide an individual-level account for the very specific issue of how non-codified knowledge is learned or, as it were, “inherited” – in public research.	1
The novel perspective presents several advantages: escaping classification issues such as the multi-assignment of journals or papers to fields; dealing with inter-disciplinarity in a natural way.	1
This measure of teamwork coaching was recorded for each proposal that involved RD staff, and is used in the analyses as a dependent, independent, or mediating variable.	0
In this paper, however, for the sake of simplicity, we just name them as "countries" in the following sections.	0
The present paper is of a descriptive nature, offering a first approach towards understanding gold OA publishing in Spain.	1
To ensure the highest semantic richness, this study does not modify the terms used by the authors.	0
Furthermore, unlike existing studies of measuring research diversity that are only limited to one method, our study compares the diversity results of scholars in different schemas, which can facilitate the appropriate selection of measurement methods.	1
This paper contributes methodologically and has practical implications for policymakers.	1
This is the first application of quantitative and qualitative methods that we are aware of regarding the field of digoxin toxicity, which involved 2900 papers retrieved form Scopus.	1
We wondered whether someone could find an interpretation for this change.	0
To the best of our knowledge, studies investigating the application of altmetrics in articles published in journals dedicated to dentistry, oral surgery and oral medicine have been so far scarce (Kolahi and Khazaei, 2016).	1
These analyses will be valuable for the reader to grasp an overall picture of anticancer research and research trends during these years.	1
Additionally, it was found that medical publications contribute the most to the total scientific production of Peru.	1
Mathiesen & Robin Perry (2006) PERCEPTIONS OF PROFESSIONAL SOCIAL WORK JOURNALS: FINDINGS FROM A NATIONAL SURVEY, Journal of Social Work Education, 42:1, 139-160	0
a London Metropolitan came about through a merger in 2002 between two post-1992 universities: London Guildhall and North London	0
Lastly, the “Conclusion” section wraps up the paper’s conclusions and presents research limitations and prospects.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Proximity can thus be used as a unifying concept for the study of scientific knowledge diffusion as well as for the analysis of mobility of scientists.	1
218 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 2011	0
Finally, as a unit, Europe is more likely to generate a higher level of international collaborative research with countries around the world.	0
This study shows that using process indicators does help anticipating societal impacts that may not yet have occurred at the moment of evaluating.	1
http://www.utpjournals.press/doi/pdf/10.3138/jsp.37.2.99 - Wednesday, June 01, 2016 11:34:52 PM - IP Address: 188.68.0.191	0
These signals herald a potential hidden in social activities which would increase the visibility of and awareness about low-quality or flawed papers, even before being disclosed by official authorities.	1
Yet, it remains unclear whether these initiatives are fulfilling their objective and whether the number of physician scientists in psychiatry has been increasing.	1
At this juncture an exploration of the current options of open access publishing and the height of associated costs is from particular importance.	1
6 is in good agreement with the statement accepted in scientometry [40] that the growth of the number of publications in the chosen field of investigation correlates with the intensity of its development, that is, with the number of new ideas, approaches, etc.	0
Source: Social Sciences Citation Index, 1975 through 1985, and textual perusal of identified articles.	0
The SVA-based approach has a unique advantage of linking researchers' specific contributions to their scholarly impact indicators because these reflect the extent to which researchers' specific publications bring emergent changes to the underlying networks of the knowledge domain in question.	1
Here I propose a time-dependent centrality metric for disciplinary coauthorship graphs, the “Nobel number" for a discipline, that reflects this informal, community-recognition-based notion of centrality.	1
The study is a part of two scientific projects: “Scientific plagiarism, its prevalence and features" (No.	0
The dataset compiled and presented here gives the first coherent overview of relevant information to guide authors' submission decisions, and inform our fellow professionals.	1
Subsequent published correction details in the form of errata and corrigenda has not been analyzed previously.	1
JARE published twenty-nine articles in 2009 and twenty-seven articles in 2008, creating a denominator of 56.	0
And the quality of references is a significant predictor of producing high quality publications.	1
Citation: Gallo SA, Schmaling KB (2022) Peer review: Risk and risk tolerance.	0
This is an Open Access article published by World Scientific Publishing Company.	0
The independence indicator is a step forward in evaluating individual scholarly quality.	1
Whereas other studies have shown an advantage for these papers with the social media platforms Twitter and Facebook, this study – with the help of Mendeley data was able to provide a more specific view of the concrete users of these papers from a more strongly academic environment.	1
Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Andres De Los Reyes, Comprehensive Assessment and Intervention Program, Department of Psychology, University of Maryland at College Park, Biology/Psychology Building, Room 3123H, College Park, MD 20742.	0
In this study, instructional design is defined as the systematic development of instructional specifications, using learning and instructional theory derived from behavioural, cognitive and constructivist theories, in order to ensure the quality of instruction.	0
In this study, we explicitly determine how collaborative teams are quantitatively organized based on large-scale academic graph data.	1
To answer those research questions, we adopted a different approach from that of Bakare and Lewison (2017).	1
5th Science, Technology and Innovation Policy (STIP) for detail please refer to https://dst.gov.in/sites/default/files/STIP_Doc_1.4_Dec2020.pdf.	0
Social network analysis (SNA) offers one way to evaluate exchanges amongst this heterogeneous set of actors.	1
This study provides evidence on the adoption of this strategy by traditional long-existing publishers and the risks this poses for research integrity.	1
For our estimations, we used the STATA codes provided by Du (2017).	0
Emphasis should be given to the fact that this is the Current Impact Factor as calculated within the model, with its implicit diffusion structure.	0
We based our study on the boundary conditions utilized in previous research, adding new metrics while retaining several of the old.	1
A note was also made as to whether the author had included any self-citations or journal self-citations.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
This seems to be highly questionable: in their preliminary discussion, Lauw et al.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
None of the eight variables had been normally distributed, rendering the independent samples t-test unsuitable for analysis.	0
This information is arranged in 11 tabs, of which 5 were consulted:	0
Although a few studies have analyzed research publications in certain disciplines (e.g., Tan et al.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Most studies have illuminated how researchers publish while adapting to or growing into the contemporary publish-or-perish culture.	1
Trend survey data combined with the trend diagram for Trend 44	0
The first is a current ranking of 163 economics and finance journals.	1
SEW carried out the individual interviews, performed the analysis and drafted the manuscript.	0
Previous questionnaires exploring cheating practices have not included comprehensive strategies and measures of validation.	1
Although several studies have focused on one aspect, few studies have simultaneously discussed the effects of ICTs on both geographic and social factors in scientific collaborations.	1
Solid and dashed curves represent best-fit plots for the entire l*(n) and lf*(n) data, respectively, according to Eq.	0
The present work is concerned with the formulation of a new normalized version of the g-index that overcomes this limitation.	1
Essentially the same approach has caught on splendidly with bio-medical scientists and those in allied fields.11	0
Our research differs from previous studies in several respects.	1
In this section, we propose constructing semantic role (SR) graphs from English and Japanese sentences based on a triplification technique, which is often used for generating RDF data from natural sentences [37].	1
Research on the collaboration among scholars of different disciplines in business schools can make clear the development status in business, revealing the collaboration mode and characteristics of different disciplines.	1
And, of course, this weakness is common to all econometric models.	0
Keywords: Clustering; Indexing; Data mining; Information retrieval; Knowledge discovery; Ontology generation	0
This approach yields striking results: interested promotion can permanently shift the valuation of prior work by up to 7.3% on average and upward of 90% in some cases.	1
Stacy has written and presented widely about altmetrics and library services.	0
KHBO (Association K.U.Leuven), Industrial Sciences and Technology, Zeedijk 101, B-8400 Oostende, Belgium.	0
Such study is both timely and important and would provide a much-needed evidence base to inform current and future efforts to upscale the research agenda in the country.	1
Table 5 The top ten collaborating countries, and the number of papers co-authored with authors form respective country	0
In the following quotations, the participants' identification numbers are the original assignment in Wang & Soergel (1998).	0
The work is made available under the Creative Commons CC0 public domain dedication.	0
Bearing in mind van Raan's (2003) admonition not to make compar- isons using absolute numbers, we present these in relative terms.	0
This paper gave full credit to all co-authors or institutions when counting the number of publications; the detailed methodology regarding the comparison can be found in Shu et al.	0
Nonetheless, this study sheds a new light on the gender gap in research production in Canada by mobilizing a pluridimensional and comprehensive approach to factors intervening in the explanation of disparities, thus contributing to a broader understanding of the productivity puzzle.	1
In particular, the distribution of country affiliations is investigated from a novel longitudinal perspective of more than two decades (1996-2018).	1
At present, our knowledge regarding the precise publication patterns of pediatric neurology articles in such journals is limited.	1
The journals indexed in the subject category "Urology & Nephrology" of the Journal Citation Reports of the ISI Web of Science were arranged according to their impact factors for 2005.	0
It adds the often-neglected cultural insight to the science communication system.	1
This study is the first to survey reference accuracy in Iranian peer-reviewed journals across all subject disciplines.	1
First, minimal interaction with islands of intense interaction is a viable strategy for scientific collaboration, at least under conditions similar to those of the Flagship.	1
In the appendix, we plot the distribution of these lags across awards.	0
We contribute to a broader understanding of the effects of female devaluation on chair appointments in the German social sciences by examining psychology professorships based on quantitative data.	1
A significant rise in the number of original papers, which now dominate each issue, is the most important consequence of the editorial policy.	1
Beyond previous reports that categorised centrality increases and structural holes as an improvement (Xu et al., 2014), our grounding in network theory calls for a more critical assessment of such centralisation tendencies of the academic community.	1
We did not identify significant differences in the editors' perceptions between the two rounds of interviews.	0
Our findings are striking: despite the effectively random allocation of papers to the NTW ranking, we find much higher hits, downloads and citations of papers presented earlier in the list.	1
Nevertheless, this study still provides a comprehensive survey of knee arthroplasty research and may therefore be used to track overall trends.	1
Keywords Social sciences · Higher education studies · Research productivity · Strategic research agendas	0
Received 2 April 2024; Received in revised form 21 September 2024; Accepted 24 September 2024	0
These measures are interesting because the tail of the distribution collects the behavior of the citations at the time when the document starts to get obsolete in the sense that it is little cited (used).	1
FIGURE 1 The data collection and filtering process for the bibliometric analysis of spermatogenesis	0
A modified version of P-index called value added index (V-index) is proposed here to take into account the average number of authors/paper to compute the total number of citations/author:	1
FIGURE 2 | The parametric beta distributions based on the experts’ stickered distributions for Scenario 1 (A; n = 34), 2 (B; n = 35) and 3 (C; n = 33).	0
Thus, do-it-yourself (DIY) citation analysis can be more precise in identifying a core or specific collection.	0
For more information on INFORMS, its publications, membership, or meetings visit http://www.informs.org	0
As a conclusion, publishing papers in monographic special issues versus non-monographic in the reviewed journals has some advantages for both journals and authors, such as greater international visibility and shorter publication times.	1
All the regression results presented in our paper are generated using Stata (v14.0).	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that reports on author affiliation misrepresentation.	1
The larger AUC value is, the better the classification performance of the model is.	0
Through our experience running synthesis centers and, in some cases, developing postfederal funding models, we offer our perspective on the purpose and value of synthesis centers.	1
Downloaded by University of Queensland At 08:16 30 January 2016 (PT)	0
Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, Leiden (The Netherlands)	0
This is where this research contributes by a network-based approach, as discussed in the next two sub-sections.	1
Connell for reading drafts and verifying data during the writing of the paper, and Peggy Johnson, editor of LRTS, for her support and patience during its development.	0
This paper contributes to the growing literature on the impact of connections to star scientists on the productivity of academic scientists.	1
The remainder of the paper proceeds as follows: next section presents an overview of the Estonian national grant assessment; explains the data and methodology; the empirical results and interpretation with discussion are followed next; lastly, key takeaways from our findings are reported under conclusions, together with the limitations and some future research directions.	0
(2013), we conduct a finer-grained analysis of researchers' future impact.	1
Though studies there have been studies on the impact of IRs on academic librarians elsewhere in the world, none have been done on the Zimbabwean context.	1
The authors gratefully acknowledge the support of the National Science Foundation and the Office of Basic Energy Sciences, US Department of Energy.	0
The authors chose to formulate codes to (1) identify the focus area to determine what in football and what in football management gets contributed by each document, (2) address what was the methodological frameworks used in each paper, and (3) identify the potential added value to the practice and/or knowledge.	0
*Each loading indicates the extent to which the underlying factor contributes to one of the four measured variables (SCImago Journal Rank, impact factor, h-index, or Eigenfactor score).	0
Both authors participated in all the steps of the paper, including the conception of the study, the methodology design, the analysis and the writing.	0
We propose author lineage independent score (ALIS), a unique model to measure SI of a scholar by using his or her academic genealogy tree as the underlying graph structure.	1
A first contribution of this work is thus methodological, with the design of a methodological setup that could be applied to other systems.	1
A Venn diagram of topics with high supply, high popularity, and high prestige.	0
However, we still lack a perspective for what concerns economic sciences.	1
We take a more flexible approach to test for differential IRR by group.	1
Axiom 1 A measure U of how unexpected the single event “a category's journal with impact factor in the interval [l, 1 + ?l) occurs” was, depends only upon its probability p.	0
The comparison provides strong empirical evidence in favor of Whitley's theory.	1
Articles in this journal are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.	0
Note: (▲) Person 1, (■) Person 2, (□) Person 3, (○) Person 4, (●) Person 5.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Our study contributes to the literature by for the first time estimating the effect of culture on self-citations.	1
As regards to topicality, what is often assumed in the literature but never properly assessed is here demonstrated: The titles and abstract of articles copublished in issues that are integrally or partially special are more similar to each other than those copublished in Rls, even more so in the case of MonoSIs.	1
Additionally, the paper benefited from an enlarged set of new characteristics—that has been investigated along with traditional publication features.	1
2, the white blocks refer to new steps we introduce, while the green blocks mean traditional steps.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
Further details about the global counter space program are provided as an annexure.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The second analysis was conducted five times, once for each discipline.	0
These journals were chosen from the Web of Science categories, including “Orthopedics,”	0
We have argued in favour of the evolution of healthcare hospitals towards a type of operation termed the 'entrepreneurial hospital', and have suggested that this process requires a 'research revolution' and an 'innovation and transfer revolution', in accordance with the terms used in the Triple Helix model.	1
Reference per article (R/A) data of the biochemistry and plant physiology journals.	0
To overcome the limitations of the h-index different modifications have been suggested in the literature (Batista, Campiteli, Kinouchi, & Martinez, 2005, 2006; Bollen, Rodriguez, & van de Sompel, 2006; Egghe, 2006a, 2006b; Imperial & Rodríguez-Navarro, 2005; Rousseau, 2006a).	0
It provides a principled approach for identifying publications that appear to play a major role in the historical development from an older to a more recent publication.	1
This article is based upon a presentation given at the joint NCURA/SRA 1991 midwestern regional meeting, Minneapolis, Minnesota.	0
Instead of modeling trade, we model international science collaboration, where directional flows cannot be identified.	1
The top 10 largest rank differences in the 299 universities (as compared to whole counting)	0
To fill this scholarly gap, this article reports two citation analysis studies that identify the overall impact of the literature as well as the specific influence of seminal articles in the field.	1
Our data, although preliminary, seem to suggest that, at present, academia risks losing its predominance in the research field.	1
Thus, our results may orient policy development regarding agencies’ author guidelines on funding acknowledgements.	1
It also fulfills the need for country-specific work related to readership statistics and citation count.	1
Another element is the establishment of a new style of global international cooperation, both by the 'LHC experiments' (in reality large independent projects), but also how CERN as a whole is managed.	1
Our results provide an evidentiary basis for developing Stony Brook librarian training and support services relating to faculty use of author identifiers and networking systems.	1
4 CREMA - Center for Research in Economics, Management and the Arts, Zurich, Switzerland	0
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
researchers who made it to the second round from 2003 to 2008).	0
Our evidence emphasizes the fundamental but insufficiently studied fact that there are different ways of defining a peer.	1
*According to UN resolution 1244, the status has not yet been defined	0
Finally, we remark the value of a byproduct of our work, of interest for the literature on the determinants of the impact of a publication: among the factors affecting the number of citations received by a publication, contrary to what claimed by other scholars, the number of authors in the byline seems to have no effect when considering other covariates associated to the byline itself, including the type of collaboration (international vs national; extramural vs intramural).	1
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/sp/article/29/3/1100/6433125 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 25 May 2025	0
2 School of Information Resource Management, Renmin University of China, Beijing 100872, China	0
The extensive temporal coverage, spanning over four decades of academic publications, ensures the depth and integrity of the network.	1
The aim of the study was to investigate sleep researchers' perceptions of sleep journals to determine whether subjective rankings of journals were in line with the journals' impact factors.	1
The majority of previous radiology citation classic studies (Yoon et al., 2013; Brinjikji et al., 2013; Pagni et al., 2014; Crockett et al.	1
The calculation excludes three articles on graphene with a “peak” citation of 4871, 1623, and 1389 and the number of authors 8, 7, and 7, respectively.	0
In this paper, we present a new BC measure DescriptiveBC, which employs the titles of the out-link references to improve BC in two ways: given a target article a, DescriptiveBC provides more accurate information about how (based on numerical inter-article similarity) and why (based on textual descriptive terms) a scholarly article is related to a.	1
Therefore scholars would not adopt the new BC/BCE notation, unless publishers force them by regulating the notation through their journal's style guides.	0
Percentage of Web citations according to domain types in the three data sets.	0
In this study, using Social Network Analysis (SNA) and scientometrics based on articles indexed in the Web of Science database on knowledge organization since the beginning, it was attempted to identify the conceptual structure of this area and to map knowledge maps, thematic trends, and authoring trends in this domain.	1
I will first examine the distribution of grant funds among the three directorates, then see how they affect BIC activities.	0
Notably, these findings seem to conflict with the subpanel's claim that there was ‘no strong association between research excellence and particular methods or approaches' (REF, 2022, p.	1
Here, we propose a method whose objective is to account for interdisciplinarity, and we do not enter those debates.	1
The code to recreate the analysis, along with the network data will be made publicly available.	0
We offer an alternative axiom, which we dub Breadth Relevance, which rewards researchers who have consistent citation performance across their publications.	1
Another novelty of our study is that we consider several countries as centers in a citation network and compare their development and influence.	1
In drawing our analysis to a close, we assert that this paper contributes vital insights into the evolving competitive dynamics of the global academic landscape, underscoring the fluidity of regional dominance and academic specialization.	1
At the international level, these results suggest that the correction of the literature is becoming global and is not limited to mainstream international publications.	1
Listing only includes authors with an adjusted count greater than 1.0.	0
A novel perspective of citation analysis is presented in this work by fusing the tripartite citations and considering all authors' contributions.	1
CONTACT Chien Chou cchou@nycu.edu.tw Institute of Education, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, Mailing Address: 1001 University Rd, East Dist, 30010 Hsinchu City, Taiwan	0
The seven-year analysis reveals significant challenges in converting undergraduate dental research at a Peruvian university into published scientific literature, with low rates of research documents achieving publication in scientific journals.	1
The methodological quality deficiencies identified in this study should guide the design, conduct, and reporting of future rotator cuff repair studies.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to report the composition and diversity of editorial board members in ophthalmology journals.	1
A Pearson coefficient of 0 means that the 2 data sets are completely independent.	0
Table 4 shows the institutional affiliations of the top Iranian authors in LIS.	0
We reemphasize that the major differences in this study and past studies in the region, mainly in reference to Duque et al (2005), is in the sample and measures used.	1
His dissertation research focuses on the determinants of immigration policy adoption in the American states.	0
Instead, our analysis opens up the possibility to conceptualize excellence funding as a task that could be approached via a portfolio of different instruments, which bundle modalities in specific ways in order to promote excellent research.	1
-computational identification and analysis of the content-related context of the analyzed document;	1
Section 3 illustrates the empirical dataset and methodology; Section 4 shows the results of the analyses and Section 5 concludes the work, summarizing the main research findings and providing final remarks.	0
The past open access publishing behaviour is related to the intention of Lithuanian researchers to submit publications to open access repositories.	0
After that, the role of bibliometrics and co-word analysis will be justified for the present research.	0
This study examines Hofstede-inspired research from a new perspective on the author collaboration network, and based on the theory of co-authorship network and cultural diversity, we explored Hofstede-inspired research development courses and collaboration networks.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first long-term study of OTSR article citations.	1
This outcome is consistent with King's conclusions from an earlier bibliometric analysis covering the time period 1993–2001 [KING, 2004].	0
Table 1 presents some basic information about journals over the four years evaluated.	0
Particularly important to the sustainability of the peer review system, but a relatively neglected area of research, is discerning the levels of participation and the motivations of the reviewers in this process, across the scientific community.	1
Each entry of the table is the probability that the column and row disciplines have the same statistical mean.	0
This phase is usually in the form of a face-to-face meeting	0
Based on tripartite citation analysis, including AC, ABC, and ADC, we also present an author-relation mining process.	1
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank Coordena??o de Aperfei?oamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior (CAPES) and Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico (CNPq) for funding the survey.	0
Note that a country's ratio is not provided when that country was not in that year's top-10.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
In this article, we seek to consolidate the potential offered by Spaapen and Van Drooge's productive interactions' concept, but which we argue has been lost through its operationalization as a process of 'counting the final interactions' (cf.	1
Instead, they retrieve articles with just a few clicks on their home or office computers.	0
A literature search revealed that to our knowledge, no study published in the English language has addressed the relation between academic productivity and salary.	1
Figure 1 Empirical frequency of the number of directed (blue dots) and reciprocated (red dots) citations between pairs of authors active in the APS dataset between 1950 and 2010	0
A political scientist may be considered as competent in a subject matter for an academic project with just one paper but the psychologist may not be with five papers.	0
Conflict of interest DH would like to express his gratitude for the financial support of CNPq (406943/ 2021-4 and 315441/2021-6).	0
This effort led to the First European Conference on Information Systems in 1993.	0
Vellenga, EM-AST&L, is visiting professor, Maine Maritime Academy, and visiting professor of business administration, LCC International University, Klaipeda, Lithuania; e-mail dvellenga@alumnimail.albion.edu.	0
For example, if they do a little bit, they consider that they have done a lot, while on our kind of day-to-day basis, it's not really a lot.	0
However, traditional methods assume that the disciplinary structure is flat with only one-layer topics, rather than a tree-like structure with hierarchical topics, which leads to the inability of existing methods to effectively examine the details of the evolution, such as the interactions between different research directions.	1
This article offers a new approach to the problem, one based in waypoints that flag projects on the path to valued outcomes.	1
Therefore, we believe that it is highly relevant and, furthermore, of the utmost interest to analyze the development of scientific research in this field.	1
J. Newman (University of Michigan) for providing code for disambiguating author names in APS data and Raf Guns (University of Antwerp) for comments on link prediction processes in LinkPred.	0
Such a framework not only is very flexible, provides intuitive graphical interpretations for the aggregation process, and allows for constructing many new and interesting classes that may be used to describe the scientific record of a scientist.	1
The main problem with most studies arguing that no gender bias exists is that they do not take performance into account at all.	1
a Department of Network and New Media, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing 210023, China	0
The regions of the PFNets are labeled based on the cited authors' highly cited areas of research	0
Currently, in Nigeria, there is no study known to the author that deals with this issue or something related.	1
Figure 4 Disincentives to submitting original manuscripts or writing commissioned articles (on a scale of 1–5).	0
This study is pursued at the level of documents published in a single journal as units of analysis.	0
A potentially main explanation should be sought in the fact that we consider full texts of grant applications, whereas previous studies merely used abstracts of either research articles (Hengel, 2017; Lerchenmueller et al., 2019; Ni et al., 2021) or grant applications (Kolev et al., 2019).	1
In this study, we look at three of the most prestigious premier peer-review decision-making exercises in India, the SSB Prize, and election Fellowship of the Indian National Science Academy, New Delhi and the Indian Academy of Sciences, Bengaluru.	1
He is Editor in Chief of the Journal of Digital Information.	0
We must first note a number of caveats about our work: these are mainly limitations and qualifications of our findings that relate to the general context in which we have carried out the work, but there are some specific points about the analysis.	0
1 University of Maine at Augusta, 46 University Drive, Augusta, ME 04843, USA	0
The rhythm indicator is created based on a publication-citation matrix, eliminating the impact of length of citation windows, making citations comparable for different years.	1
But we know little of what researchers actually think about grant lottery and even less about the thoughts of those scientists who rely on funding.	1
It has also been used in more novels ways to assess research output and funding [5,6], to identify research gaps within a specialty [7,8], with some grant authorities using this technique to decide on where funding should be distributed.	1
We propose a parameter-free approach to quantify how much a given paper can be considered as an SB.	1
Perhaps more important than identifying the leading roles of CWTS and NIFU as bibliometric expert organizations, my analysis unequivocally documents the predominance of TR/ Clarivate in terms of defining methodological standards for the performance assessment of public research in Europe.	1
The paper formalises a way of thinking that may already be held, albeit informally, by some peer-review panels and researchers.	1
The level of significance is marked by stars: *** p < 0.001; NS = not significant.	0
Bakker and Demerouti, 2007; Bakker et al., 2005; Demerouti et al., 2001; Schaufeli and Bakker, 2004; Xanthopoulou et al., 2009).	1
Received 2 June 2022; Received in revised form 12 April 2023; Accepted 16 April 2023	0
The bibliometric data for the study was downloaded in February 2014.	0
This general position is well represented in traditional history and philosophy of science, including in the works of Kuhn (1970 [1962]), Lakatos (1976), and Laudan (1977).	0
Part of this paper was read at the annual meeting of the American Sociological Association, New Orleans, August, 1972.	0
The aggregated data by discipline for NOAI calculation is available in Zenodo: https://zenodo.org/records/10797944	0
the majority of journals are published by institutions funded from public resources	0
Frequency distribution of DC, BC, and CC pairs according to ages (x) and spans (y).	0
Supplementary data is available at Science and Public Policy Journal online.	0
In contrast, in this study we used the texts of the reviewers' reports to deduce the foci of their attention.	1
These new measures explain NASA's enthusiasm for these projects: all have reached at least one of our waypoints, and two, the Microencapsulation Project and the Hyperspectral Imaging, have achieved three waypoints.	1
Our project demonstrates how academic librarians could dive deep in the realm of digital humanities and plunge into the life cycle of scholarly communication.	1
Many managers and policy-makers see this as the most appropriate role for portfolio analysis in the management process.	0
The current Note relies on an appeal to convexity and a 100-year-old mathematical theorem on the day the Johan Jensen's first derivation is given for it.	1
Such longitudinal multivariate analysis is able to detect patterns and be used as a management tool for driving journals to the desired position in the scientific scenario.	1
We also thank Vascular Biology and Hypertension Branch staff for helpful suggestions and discussions during this study.	0
This study aims to address this gap in the literature by clarifying librarians' research collaborator–seeking motivations, strategies used, and their relative successes and outcomes.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
* To conserve space, some of the supporting data for this article have been omitted.	0
But on request, Narin made a copy of the paper available to C&EN.	0
In addition, not only is there is a scarcity of current research, but the earlier canonical literature exploring disciplinary differences in information seeking behavior related to the academic library may no longer be applicable, as databases and access to online journals have continued to evolve, which likely impacts user behavior.	1
This finding proves that social network analysis reveals relationships beyond what appears.	1
By providing a complete overview of the key-terms treated by scholars and their relations, this study enhances scholars' awareness on the existing perspectives of emerging organizations and their conceptual boundaries.	1
By operationalizing the knowledge network as citing networks initiated by a scientific publication, we provide empirical evidence that scientific breakthroughs do impose particular influences on the knowledge structure of science, and that this observation is useful for predicting scientific breakthroughs.	1
The purpose of the present paper is to explore this issue.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The APC of top ranked journals is evidently higher than that of lower ranked journals.	0
In this paper, we extended the concept of shared leadership to the scientific context.	1
The demonstration of these techniques on an existing policy can be applied to other policy evaluations, providing a new and powerful tool for evaluators to use to enhance the policy process.	1
This study describes the correlation of reads, citations, and Altmetric score in manuscripts published in Cardiology in the Young, demonstrating poor correlation, at best, between these metrics.	1
By selecting researchers based on their early-career publication performance, the selector will simply create a self-fulfilling prophesy, and in doing so, forego opportunities for selecting on variables that are indicative of relevant competences.	1
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
This research contributes to the base of understanding about the conditions that are critical to the success of IRs worldwide.	1
The current study is an attempt to overcome the limitation of earlier studies by including a larger set of journals, published from India, and applying tech- niques like co-occurrence of words, keywords analysis, and burst detection to find out the trending research areas.	1
The country assignment of the three-letter ISO codes countries can be found in the Appendix (Table 7)	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Our analysis finds that the number of publications per researcher and collaboration (number coauthors per publication) have increased over the period, both overall and for individual academic research positions.	1
Data Availability Statement: The labeled data set used to support the findings of this study are available from the corresponding author upon request.	0
The work illustrated in this manuscript is a case in point.	0
By combining citation and usage data with cost data, the authors were able to develop a more holistic view of the ROI of a shared ejournal package and individual titles within that package to improve decision making about potential cancellations.	1
Investments in OA also have the potential to help China to re-position itself within international copyright discourses: moving beyond criticism for failure to enforce the rights of foreign copyright owners and progressing an agenda that places greater emphasis on equality of access to the resources needed to foster innovation.	1
Received May 15, 2011; revised August 30, 2011; accepted August 31, 2011	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ijau20	0
Apart from these limitations, this work has been a first approach to the recent history and development of a new field with high social relevance and a gradual consolidation in Latin America.	1
Finally, this article develops a network-based approach to visualize the underlying emerging technology network.	1
This bibliometric analysis investigates the scope and evolution of research on the supercritical CO2 extraction of essential oils from aromatic and medicinal plants.	1
A fellowship from the General Electric Company enabled the author to attend Case Western Reserve University where this project was initiated.	0
UNU-MERIT Working Papers intend to disseminate preliminary results of research carried out at UNU-MERIT to stimulate discussion on the issues raised.	0
There are benefits to users, including users who are practitioners rather than researchers, but I leave those to my readers to fill in.	0
New methods and tools such as the phylomemy reconstruction process are needed to explore these data and improve research planning coordination.	1
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/werm.	0
Another limitation pertains to the nature of the sample used in this study.	0
We gratefully acknowledge financial support from Aarhus University's Senior Management Strategic Funds for the project 'Contextualizing and Measuring Research Performance' (CoRe).	0
6 Goodness of fit analysis of ERGM results (black solid line represents the observed network)	0
A property of the gamma function is that as r goes to infinity, and for any constant p + 1,	0
10 COLLNET JOURNAL OF SCIENTOMETRICS AND INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 15(1) JUNE 2021	0
The single study that is closest to what we will report in this paper is the recent one by H?rlesberger et al.	1
To date, the relationship of SSO membership and NCI status has not been defined.	1
However, existing studies on confidence scores have neglected to measure the consistency between the comment text and the confidence score in a more refined way, which may overlook more detailed details (such as aspects) in the text, leading to incomplete understanding of the results and insufficient objective analysis of the results.	1
No bibliometric studies have carried out to assess research activity in the field of nutrition and dietetics from any Arab country or Arab region.	1
Comments from Jacob Baker, Margareta Bergman, Marcel Cardillo, John Ewen, Andy Gonzalez, Michael Hochberg, Anders P.	0
It is known that HDI is a geometric mean of three normalized indices (health, education, and income).	0
In this section, we are proposing a variation of K-index, named Ks-index, that we believe is a better indicator of authors' scientific impact.	1
Only in five out of twenty-two subject areas, does India have a presence among global institutions that is larger than its share of nominal GDP.	1
We would also like to thank the reviewers for their comments, which have helped improve on the original.	0
Note that it is important for the journal's editorial board to know not only which articles are cited most frequently but also which articles have no references.	0
Scientific discoveries are always linked to the research done by peers in the domain.	0
To this end, we propose two bibliometric indicators based on citations that journal research papers receive from other papers as well as from patents.	1
The DIM model is utilized in this article to extract research topics from textual contents and the CIM model is used for measuring the novelty indicator.	1
Despite the high impact of acute and chronic pancreatitis on the global burden of disease, no scientometric evaluation in this research field has yet been conducted.	1
Section 4 illustrates the methodology and is complemented by Appendix B.	0
Permanent address: No.8 Shuren Street, Zhejiang Shuren University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310015, China.	0
The results show that altmetrics is an authentic and reliable medium to classify quality tiers (AJG, JCR, and SNIP).	1
It mixes evaluation and ranking naturally, although these are usually very interdependent concepts.	1
From this definition, it can be inferred that plagiarism is, basically, the act of copying another author's original work without attribution along with the subsequent deception involved in the same act.	0
The results achieve up to 84% of accuracy in the task of document classification without using annotated data to segment topics from a set of input documents.	1
The present study addresses this gap by focusing on faculty publications and including subject analysis of major formats cited, rather than journal citations exclusively.	1
It may be more useful than using book sales alone because these could reflect an unknown combination of educational, research, or practitioner uses.	1
Thus, one contribution of our research is documenting which fields are likely to exclude technicians, students, or research scientists from authorship lists.	1
Received: 30 November 2021 / Accepted: 16 February 2023 / Published online: 8 March 2023	0
This metaphor is ascribed to Isaac Newton, but has to be attributed to Bernard of Chartres and was first recorded in the 12th century (Merton, 1965, p.	0
Submit your next manuscript to BioMed Central and take full advantage of:	0
However, the long-term impact of early publication on the later scientific publication career was not known.	1
This model helps with better understanding what new indicators can be designed for scientometric studies.	1
Before introducing the Italian exercise, it is useful to review the international experience.	0
Up to the author's best knowledge, this is the first bibliometric study to assess breast cancer research activity from Arab world.	1
This paper also contributes to the literature by introducing a new measure of inter-regional network proximity.	1
Despite these efforts spent investigating academic hiring, a comprehensive understanding of the evolution of the mathematics faculty hiring process over many decades is lacking.	1
This paper proposes an informetric dynamic co-word network to study the evolution of global environmental quality research (GEQR), making a significant contribution to the available literature.	1
Instead of focusing on economic and health outcomes we focus here on the evolution of social and cultural capital within the genomics revolution.	1
Others, however, argue that treating neoliberalism as an external force risks not only analytical reductionism but also a paralysis of the political imagination and grounds for action as we “bestow an undeserved systematicity upon current trends and relations” (Boyer 2010, 80).	0
Though previous research has examined the attitudes and beliefs of authors regarding OA, this study combines OA attitudes and familiarity with the additional factors of audience reach and the possibilities within an all-OA future to gain a more nuanced understanding of authors’ perceptions.	1
Distribution of Spanish journals in the JCR of (SSCI and SCI)* according to year and quartile.	0
The histogram clearly shows this in Figure Al in the Appendix.	0
However, the studies on the co-authorship network in a specific inter-disciplinary field may be complementary to the mainstream of existing works.	1
1 John Glenn College of Public Affairs, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA	0
The paper is organized as follows: “Basic notions of complex systems and networks” section presents some basic concepts of Complex networks theory adapted to our problem.	0
Tetrode was born in 1895 as a son to a wealthy Amsterdam family.	0
It must be emphasized that the results of the citation search can be used only as a surrogate measure of influence.	0
was a speaker for TEVA and MEDA on their Speakers Bureau (not related to current subject).	0
This research aims to quantify what the excellence defined by the ERC grant means and map out the career path leading to it, in the case of the Social Sciences and Humanities group 2 (SH2 group).	1
FIGURE 2 African journals coverage overlap ratio between Web of Science, Scopus, and CrossRef.	0
Three MFDs tied for 10th place as measured by the h-index.	0
The suggestions emerging in the research have a common theme; to avoid time wasting and repetition, approaches which can be considered by similar service providers seeking to measure impact.	1
The bibliographic maps may also be used for research on specific species, according to the interests of each location.	1
For each topic, the Top2Vec model generates the top 10 descriptive keywords, which are ranked based on cosine similarity-based semantic similarity to the topic (Appendix A.2).	0
The Bcp index proposed in this paper may be used to identify the papers at the sleeping-awakening interface, which provided new tools for arousing attention of the science community to previously overlooked but important research.	1
4 The quartile distributions of the LIS versus MIS journals in the IS–LS category	0
Despite differences between the different scientific disciplines, this reflects the expectation on most research fields.	0
This article brings strong empirical support to Pasteur's sociological imagination, as we found that references in the scientific papers of six major producers of science were nationally biased in all broad disciplinary fields: natural science and engineering, biomedical sciences, social sciences and arts and humanities.	1
Articles were identified as theoretical if the title or abstract contained the search term "model*", excluding some common empirical uses (as described in ref.	0
These findings highlight the role of publications indexed in the Science Citation Index for China's PhD programs and contributes to our understanding of the landscape of research evaluation in China's higher education system.	1
The proposition does not aim at replacing current measures of productivity, but to complement them in order to provide the research community with an alternative evaluation of its scientific production.	1
Hence, the most interesting finding of the study is not the small inflation effects, but rather the fact that with the fixed set, we are able to reproduce the relative developments in impact scores and the rankings between the countries found in the constantly growing dynamic set.	1
This article puts this explanation to the test.	1
The criteria for the selection were that the journal had to be in existence for at least three years and accessible in a manner that counting citations was possible.	0
All the 60 publishers had a working website as of January 2019.	0
We do not debate this elusive concept (Buela, 2001), and neither how to calculate its index (Buela, Perakakis, Taylor & Checa, 2006; Buela & Zich, 2012; Zich & Buela, 2010).	0
Few, if any, studies have characterized the structure and evolution of science at the level of research problems, a level where the structures range from around ten to one hundred articles per year.	1
This published ahead-of-print manuscript is not the final version of this article, but it may be cited and shared publicly.	0
Note that the papers of group g are also part of the papers in the world.	0
be useful to dermatologists, researchers, teachers and postgraduate students in evaluating the published research and status of the journal.	0
4 The test compares an empirical sample and a theoretical model by computing the maximum absolute difference between the empirical and theoretical cumulative frequencies.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
2014) and on knowledge dissemination by showing that editors can affect a scientific field, not only through their professional networks and their ties (Baccini and Barabesi 2011; Brogaard, Engelberg, and Parsons 2014; Goyanes and de Marcos 2020) but also through their influence on the topics and the narrative structures that appear in journals.	1
This insight may offer a novel approach to identifying emerging hot topics within research domains.	1
N refers to journals without authorship definitions, Y refers to journals with authorship definitions	0
To be a complement, Table 5 showed the top 20 highly cited journals, with their impact factors and places (countries) of publication.	0
This way, however, authors need to request copyright permission from the Web page creator to use printed copies.	0
Moreover, we showed how the award promotes collaboration around the winner, making the support of a promising researcher favourable for everyone.	1
Our results highlight the potential benefits of engaging with social and mainstream media for researchers aiming to reach different audiences and increase article citations.	1
This study was exploratory in nature and, as such, does not quantify rates of peer-review fraud—only rates of duplication which, while unusual, is not necessarily a sign of misconduct.	0
Our objective was to identify trends and examine the characteristics of the top 100 cited articles in emergency medicine (EM) journals.	1
Unfortunately, studies that focus on citation errors are not common in the learning sciences.	1
When presenting the descriptive statistics of IF for documents, those with no IF were given a zero IF.	0
The complete set of results along with the statistical analysis methods followed by the	0
Separating error from misconduct is clearly useful for policy purposes since preventing honest errors requires different tools and strategies than preventing misconduct.	1
What editors do with retraction warnings, of course, is up to them.	0
Systematic sampling is a method of choosing a random sample from a population.	0
However, few studies have examined the relationships among these metrics.	1
It was hoped that the new study would continue that process.	0
Funding: This research was funded by the European Union within the framework of the EU’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation program, Grant number 769220, project PARE.	0
As far as we are aware there was, prior to 2013, no method to measure and quantify congruence of expertise or cognitive distance between panels and research groups in discipline-specific research evaluation (Engels et al., 2013).	1
To avoid misunderstanding, I note that in Hirsch's first preprint versions the second inequality in (3) did not comprise the possibility h = c(h + 1) which made the definition not well defined in all cases.	0
In this paper, we propose a new approach to the measurement of the knowledge integration and its evolution among two fields from the perspective of hierarchy.	1
By presenting the “MIU” framework to MIU, this paper contributes to the literature on interdisciplinarity in two main ways.	1
Copying or distributing in print or electronic forms without written permission of IGI Global is prohibited.	0
We repeated the analysis with six-year time blocks instead of five-year blocks to assess robustness of results.	0
The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not reflect the view of the National Institutes of Health, the Department of Health and Human Services, or the United States government.	0
Data Availability Statement: The data presented in this study are available on request from the corresponding author.	0
Section 3 presents the research methods, including this study's participants, its experimental design, its data, and its data analysis process.	0
A fourth investigator reviewed all data, harmonising interpretations and resolving any errors.	0
This study also contributes to the knowledge on the use of conference proceedings by postgraduate students at master's and doctoral levels in the information systems and computer sciences.	1
Although there are dynamic discussions regarding design scholarship in various fields, there is no empirical study to examine how design scholarship has been retrieved in the field.	1
(see Acknowledgements), and identified 10 grants with clinically relevant outcomes for showcasing to the community.	0
To facilitate readability in the following sections, we provide the notations used throughout the paper in Table 2.	0
We propose network influential entropy to quantify the capability of cores to achieve stable collaborations in terms of collaboration leadership.	1
Data are presented as mean ± standard deviation unless otherwise noted	0
For this reason, a new indicator was created based on the Polity IV research project.	1
Here, we attempt to address this question by using computational methods to measure the cognitive content and concepts of K.	1
As the Italian version of the report3 is more complete, in this article we will refer to the data contained in this version.	0
Table 1 Top 10 countries contributed to research publications in the field of spine surgery	0
We then show that institutional design is a crucial moderator in determining whether these differences lead to a significant impact on funding outcomes.	1
Compared with the previous analysis applying static article metric data (Wang et al. 2015; Fang et al. 2017; Chen 2017; Holmberg et al. 2019), we have tracked and collected the daily updated article metric data over 1 year, to observe the full process and draw the full picture of (temporal and geographical) diffusion of scholarly articles.	1
Third, this study explores the potential for misleading results when assessing the relationship with models such as mean group, pooled mean group, and enhanced mean group in the presence of cross-sectional dependence among the units.	1
Despite the number and variety of these analyses, U.S.-China collaborations in the field of AI have not been closely examined to date.	1
Methodologically, this study first provided a framework for investigating the innovation pace of a fast-moving research field by analyzing the input, output and improvement of innovations based on the fine-grained metadata recorded in preprints and publications (i.e., arXiv and Semantic Scholar).	1
metaknowledge was designed with open and reproducible research workflows in mind.	1
The findings also inform methodological approaches for studying the information, dissemination, and publication behaviors of researchers.	1
For example, we see whether the ratio of foreign-educated professors change as the ranking of the university increases.	1
This might seem a pedantic point, for the Society clearly did have someone organising its editorial matters—the role was routinely undertaken by one of its two secretaries—but the fact remains that Henry Armstrong felt that having an “editor” would bring certain advantages.	0
For the sake of simplicity, we will only use Equation 14.	0
Three, our work pushes the emerging literature on the effects of experience outside academia using the rotation program as its template to new directions.	1
FIGURE 1 Plotted vertically are the average number of citations per year for a sample of 165 papers.	0
We paid attention to something which was not studied before.	1
This study draws up a scientific map that serves as a guide to perceive what has been done thus far in the area of bank marketing.	1
This would have been too short a period of time to analyse citations.	0
As such we demonstrate the impact of the network framework in predicting high-impact publications.	1
We contribute by studying one of the latest forms of influencer marketing—influencer video advertising.	1
The paper also makes a methodological contribution by using two bibliometric data sources to explore research impact benchmarks.	1
As B?rner and Boyack (2010) pointed out, the purpose of mapping is 'simply to visually display the results of analysis to enhance communication of those results' and visualization itself is not analysis.	0
Special thanks to Federica Compagnino, MD and Silvia Pernigotti, MD, Postgraduate students, who collaborated for the analysis of the data.	0
However, we proved the efficiency of a cost-effective educational intervention in the improvement of participants KAP towards this serious epidemic that is plaguing all medical disciplines.	1
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank Vincent Larivière for his guidance and insights as well as Stefanie Haustein for her helpful advices.	0
Our analysis emphasizes a complex feature of citation dynamics that so far has received little attention, and also provides empirical evidence against the use of short-term citation metrics in the quantification of scientific impact.	1
To the best of our knowledge, however, no existing research has explored this area.	1
Multi-transformers with among-attention mechanism (a case for I = 2 and S = 3).	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Isaac Nketsiah on 15 February 2023.	0
The current study aims to contribute to the literature by offering a case study of the Japanese scientific community with in-depth career data.	1
The authors are grateful to Sergio Palomeque for his excellent research assistance.	0
KVH designed the study (with suggestions from RL and KH), collected and analysed the data.	0
For the evaluation of LIS researchers for tenure and promotion decisions, this finding in regard to h-index suggests that it may provide more equitable valuation of research productivity than looking at raw number of citation counts, while providing more information about quality of publications than just the raw number of publications alone.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 781 times since 2011*	0
To fill this gap, here we apply bibliometric tools to 150 years of onychophorology according to the scientific literature available in a large database.	1
While the diffusion of innovation in developed countries may follow the popular acceptance models reported in classical literature, the situation might be different in developing countries including Malaysia.	1
Strengths of our study include a high response rate (>50%), compared to similar survey studies.	0
However, to the best of our knowledge, no similar study has been conducted on articles published in transportation journals; leaving open ended the question whether a citation count is a valid measure of scientific merit in the research field of transportation.	1
As far as we know, there has not been a study to analyze the most cited papers in orthopedic elbow surgery.	1
Note that WorldCat reports combined statistics for all editions of a book, even if they have different ISBNs and so the WorldCat data are not strictly comparable with the other sources, which are restricted to a single publication year.	0
“Discussion” section offers a discussion and answers the questions listed above in light of the results obtained.	0
Willett, Department of Information Studies, University of Sheffield, Western Bank, Sheffield, S10 2TN, UK.	0
Previous studies have examined the effect of co-authorship on individual researchers’ future success in publishing papers [8, 20–26].	1
Department of Media & Communication, YeungNam University, Gyeongsan-si, Gyeongsangbuk-do 712-749, South Korea	0
One important caveat is that the individuals included are only those observed at the same institution in both AY2013 and AY2017.	0
The large majority of these are researchers within the social sciences and the humanities, where the ISI coverage of the research literature is poor.	0
We also show that the medalists exhibit a far greater rate of cognitive mobility in the postmedal period, pursuing topics that are far less likely to be related to their premedal work.	1
In our bibliometric overview, we present an in-depth analysis of the publication trend and citation structure of JBR articles between 1973 and 2017, the journal's most prolific authors, and their affiliated institutions and countries.	1
Recently, social media has become a potential new way for academic journals to disseminate and evaluate research outputs.	1
Numerical fields report the amounts funded and date fields include the effective and expiry dates of funding.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
They are simply numbered here to provide a point of reference.	0
A new family of measures - Wroclaw Effectiveness Indicator for Grants (WEIG), which meets criteria posed by research questions for project effectiveness evaluation.	1
The performance is almost identical on the Health dataset and the Twitter dataset.	0
See the electronic edition of the PASP for a color version of this figure.	0
Library, National Research University Higher School of Economics, Myasnitskaya 20, Moscow 101000, Russia	0
Acknowledgments: The authors are grateful to Raluca Danut for her support in formatting the manuscript.	0
These results acted as a driving force for the work reported in this paper.	0
In the current work we present and apply a further indicator of performance for the research unit, in some senses complementary to the measure of research productivity (FSS).	1
In this article, several machine learning models (cf.	1
In this section, we analyse: i) the consistency between elements of a policy instrument and between instruments within the same governance domain, and ii) the consistency between different governance domains.	0
This study provides a helpful reference for medical virologists, epidemiologist, policy decision makers, academics and Lassa fever researchers.	1
The 10-year historical trend in success rates for these physician-oriented awards is presented in Figure 4.	0
Before describing the full process in detail, it is useful to discuss co-citation weighting schemes.	0
Although questionnaires are widely used in research impact assessment, their metric properties are not well known.	1
The article presents three advanced citation-based methods used to detect potential breakthrough articles among very highly cited articles.	1
These results are not additive because some articles had authors from both institutions.	0
In views of this background, it could be stated that the HCP of the Microbiology research area are not analyzed yet.	1
To achieve this, objective comprehensive access to citation metadata is required.	1
See Online Appendix D for a list of the top 100 journals.	0
Inevitably, this leads to a question: how impactful is the research done by speech pathologists compared to research headed by otolaryngologists?	0
Second, this study provides a single glimpse across multiple disciplines so there is some basis for comparison and for context of the evaluation of the accounting review process.	1
The findings of this study contribute to the understanding of the collaborative behaviour of universities in innovation systems.	1
N = 310, This information could not be located for 13 board members.	0
On one hand, we introduce spatial analysis to evaluate the effects of R&D inputs on scientific output in the scope of countries, which is a novel approach to the best of our knowledge.	1
The argument launched in this article aims to show that the reforms are based primarily on neoliberal foundations and to expose the linguistic dominance of the English language in neoliberal settings.	1
But in this study, the researchers covered the current period that represents the advanced development in the perspective of the digital library.	1
In this work, we hope to make it easier for readers to find relevant research on bioRxiv and to improve the visibility of preprints currently being read and discussed online.	1
Our overarching goal in this article was to bring the empirical science of science scholarship in closer alignment with theories of scientific change (e.g., Kuhn 1962; Lakatos 1970; Mulkay 1974) that seek to understand how new ideas shape scientific development.	1
“Model specification" section introduces the econometric model employed in our study which is derived from the gravity equation.	0
We tackle this question with a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of 57 disciplines, examining the publications of more than 5 million authors whose careers started between 1986 and 2008.	1
This study advances our understanding of the processes underlying collaboration by bringing together research on shared institutional affiliations and physical proximity to examine their joint role in knowledge creation and impact in academic journal publications.	1
To date, no one has investigated the ACS members' knowledge and awareness concerning research ethics and ethical decision-making.	1
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV NEBRASKA LIBRARIES on April 9, 2015	0
1 (Color online) The illustration of the dropout phenonmen in academic careers.	0
Quite recently, Colliander (2015) proposed an item-oriented approach to ex-post normalization.	1
The edge factor is normalized so that the average edge factor across all contributions is 100.	0
Participants were not asked whether they were Latinos, but at least three were Latinos.	0
Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Association for Information Science and Technology.	0
The authors declare that there are no ethical issues or conflicts of interest in this research.	0
Innovative approaches for evaluating and funding research began to emerge even before our present crisis.	0
In the process I utilize two novel tools (the mistake index and scite index) to further illustrate and operationalize aspects of the MSRP.	1
The fact that a large proportion of preprints cited in articles published in peer-reviewed journals were not preprint anymore at the time of publication of the citing article has not been reported in the literature, to our knowledge.	1
This study conducted a thorough bibliometric analysis [7] which aided in the systematic assessment of global advances [8,9,16].	1
We address all of these issues with a flexible framework to classify M&S from other emerging and established disciplines.	1
This type of set-up, to our best knowledge, has never been used before in orthodontic literature and can result in a reliable assessment of the evolution of the scientific production in orthodontics over time, reducing the bias related to the time passed since publication.	1
Each word gets a score which is the ratio of the word degree to the word frequency.	0
The middle term in each equation explicitly shows the weight wi that is used when forming the weighted average.	0
The findings section is structured around the ways in which early career academics in political science and history deal with the tension between career aspiration and market uncertainty by using appraisal devices in the form of assessors.	0
The platform contributes to openly shared editorial procedures for scholarly journals and ultimately aims to facilitate responsible journal management.	1
The purpose of this paper is to identify possible sub-fields in B&M rigorously based on actual citation patterns.	1
We believe that this study compensates for the gaps in the qualitative and quantitative analyses of Kirkman et al.	1
In particular, we believe that partial randomisation holds the potential of being more fair, more efficient, and more diverse.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=khvi20	0
In the tables, the names of the scholars have been changed to letters to maintain anonymity.	0
As noted, the main purpose of this work is to present the insights gained from the analysis and to discover new trends, hidden information, and results that can lay the foundations for future political, economic, medical strategies, etc.	1
The analysis uncovers the key clusters, countries' co-authorship and evolution of research over the past two decades.	1
To put more starkly the point for debate that arises: the six ‘ed tech' research journals seem to be doing better than the seven ‘higher education' journals (Figure 1), in presenting the work of authors employed in Asian countries.	1
Received July 16, 2010; revised August 28, 2010; accepted August 30, 2010	0
To our knowledge, this is the largest study investigating the factors that influence research productivity amongst UK medical students.	1
Received 20 June 2005; received in revised form 11 January 2006; accepted 13 January 2006	0
We built an agent-based model to estimate how much the quality of peer review is influenced by different resource allocation strategies followed by scientists dealing with multiple tasks, i.e., publishing and reviewing.	1
The results of this study provide an update to previous studies which analysed the growth in Spanish research on HIV-AIDS since the 1980s.	1
Other data sources may provide static data dumps in a variety of formats or not offer programmatic access to their data at all.	0
Medical nutrition is a cost-effective intervention for a variety of patient populations.	0
The findings and observations contained in this paper are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
This does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Over the past years, some insightful literature reviews can be seen, though with somewhat different sample size, method, timespan and emphases (Aubert Bonn and Pinxten, 2019; Husain, Al-Shaibani, and Mahfoodh 2017; Jiang et al.	1
Our study is a new attempt at delving into relationships between funding and academic performance while introducing the concept of topic popularity, targeting broader and more sophisticated research teams.	1
In doing so, it contributes to the existing literature by utilizing new methods to investigate longitudinal co-authorship data.	1
I am grateful to Liwen Vaughan and three anonymous referees for comments on previous drafts of this article.	0
describe the use of social network analysis as a tool to examine the development of networks as they form and identify opportunities to intentionally create connections between people to improve collaboration [6].	1
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
2 School of Environment and Society, Tokyo Institute of Technology, Tokyo 108-0023, Japan	0
Second, the academic mobility of NLs, and especially their international mobility, has significantly declined over the past century, which contrasts with other observations that scientists tend to be more mobile as globalisation advances.	1
In this paper, firstly, we propose TDC (Topic distribution correlation) and TFC (Topic frequency correlation) metrics to show that the productivity and the impact shape the correlation of topic distribution in scientists' publication sequence.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Keywords Faculty · Motivation · Research productivity · Bibliometrics · STEM	0
This result, in terms of Kim and Locke's (2010) characterization of Japanese academia as a “self-contained" system, warrants further efforts by the Japanese government and universities to open the Japanese higher education system to globally competitive talent and overseas-trained scholars.	1
For example, it is different from credibility when involving the effectiveness of technological capability, like a "trust system" frequently used in computer technology (Stefik, 1999).	0
These authors followed the classification carried out by the WoS, which was based on the research area of the journal where articles were published, while the present study developed an ad hoc classification of each article attending to their research area, subject and topic.	1
We sort papers by their overall citation scores k within the InfoVis 2004 data and select the top 20 for Table 3.	0
The answer to the first research question is not surprising, since the increase in the relative share of the world's research from Africa has been previously noticed (Confraria and Godinho, 2015).	0
Existing research on ICTs are useful in understanding the common facts, but are limited in revealing the hidden structures and properties of the ICT research domain in South Asia.	1
However, which articles are cited most frequently in diabetes research is unknown.	1
This work also improves our understanding of different dimensions of perceived competence in the workplace by creating and validating scales of competence constructs.	1
This study considers multi-class tasks for citation sentiments on imbalanced data and presents a novel framework for sentiment analysis in in-text citations of research articles.	1
To better understand these patterns together, we developed a generative model of the citation network, featuring exponential growth, the redirection of scientific attention via publications’ reference lists, and the crowding out of old literature by the new.	1
This process is completely novel because of the new insights provided by the novelty and the depiction of the trajectories, which also allows producing visual comparisons between scientific careers.	1
In this study, we aimed to propose an embedding methodology that reflects the core structure of scientific papers and includes text, author, and citation data altogether.	1
The compilation of these types of data has never been conducted for the discipline of natural resources; therefore, this article will provide disciplinary-specific benchmarks for graduate student publication.	1
Despite these limitations, our study demonstrates an increasing focus on education publications.	1
This study provides an inclusive picture of where communication studies research is published by detailing the most-cited journals and provides evidence-based recommendations for collection management.	1
To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first of its kind to obtain initial data regarding the publication and citation productivity from the worldwide in paracetamol poisoning in the Scopus database, a database that is being used to evaluate the performance of institutes and their members in certain field.	1
The IP search method [37–39] is unique and feasible compared with methods using the average of the previous several daily numbers of confirmed cases (e.g., the mean in recent 2 or 7 days) [12,25].	1
This study sheds light on the impact of tenure track reform on faculty members' academic research.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Cet article s'est donné pour but de (re)qualifier l'inflation du nombre d'auteurs observée dans certaines disciplines, principalement la physique des particules, par une analyse conceptuelle.	1
Through this approach, an alternative perspective is retrieved by analysing a form of unstructured data, which is text.	1
Received March 19, 1985; revised May 3, 1985; accepted July 22, 1985	0
In this study we provide a framework for describing what influences the formation of different research collaboration patterns.	1
This attainment offers a viable solution for citation weighting based on content analysis, disregarding inconsistent information like the number of coauthors or common keywords.	1
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This paper was written while the author was a visiting professor at IMEDE in Lausanne, Switzerland.	0
Thus, and almost paradoxically, our analysis indicates that citation counts could possibly form a basis for deciding on, how to fund research institutions, but they should not be used as a basis for ranking them in terms of quality.	1
Because acute pancreatitis is only one of the most common diseases in gastroenterology, so there were no gastroenterology and hepatology articles from China included in previous “most-cited” studies, and we believe perhaps no study has been performed specifically to analyze the most-cited papers in gastroenterology and hepatology from mainland China.	1
It is, therefore, necessary to study whether the position of women in science is changing with the new technologies (Kretschmer and Aguillo 2005).	1
Based on survey data from PIs and spokespersons of DFG funded RC and with the help of the IPO framework and SEM analyses, we were the first study to empirically test inhibitors and promoters of collaborations problems in research collaboration on a statistically robust, generalisable, and representative sample.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
To be included as a measure, proposed variables fit the following requirements.	0
The normailization of the betweenness centrality can be done by dividing the number that represents theoretically possible combination for the connection between any two nodes in the network—directed graphs is (n - 1) (n – 2) and for undirected graphs is (n - 1)(n – 2)/2, respectively.	0
We carried out a new scientometric open-source tool called ScientoPy and demonstrated it in a use case for the Internet of things topic.	1
This raises the question of whether women are more dependent than men on collaboration with colleagues when performing research and writing up the results.	0
Moreover, CbPD discovered several cases of previously unidentified plagiarism in the PMC OAS collection some of which would have remained undetected by today's character-based detection approaches.	1
This research is funded by National Social Science Foundation of China (Project No.	0
Received 11 June 2021; Received in revised form 19 October 2021; Accepted 19 October 2021	0
Second, it contrasts K-Core with degree of a node (Deg-Core) as a method to reach out to the core of productive authors.	1
Our results provide unique and comprehensive insights into research activities on AF around the globe.	1
To assess the importance of altmetrics on the journal level, we proposed a new metric: the Score Factor.	1
Many researchers of the scientific community within economics share an orientation towards the natural scientific pole, while an orientation towards the social sciences is represented more often by heterodox economists.	0
This work was partially supported by the National Science Centre, Poland, project no.	0
Received: 21 March 2024 / Accepted: 26 July 2024 / Published online: 9 August 2024	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Since the author is unaware of any similar resource that has been made publicly available, this collection of functions may itself prove to be a novel and useful tool to aid further bibliometric studies.	1
By leveraging programmatic workflows and APIs for data harvesting, this research offers a more efficient, sustainable, and replicable approach compared to traditional methods.	1
In this work, country-level trends and collaborative structures are examined with respect to economic group.	1
All assumptions of linear regression were met by this model, including lack of error term correlation (Durbin-Watson = 2.013).	0
The archetype name was only used internally and never shown to the participants.	0
Table 4 include results for 34 institutions worldwide with a GRO-index in excess of 3000.	0
We report on the scientific activity in the field of physics in the Balkan countries on the basis of the publications registered in the databases of Web of Science for a period of over twenty years.	1
Confidence intervals can be calculated using the Student t formula on the transformed data, also following standard practice.	0
To the best of our knowledge, there are no data on the rate of conversion of abstracts accepted for presentation at the CCC into peer-reviewed published articles.	1
Let us now look at the cumulative data gathered from Web of Science.	0
While the extant reviews have been insightful, a careful analysis reveals that these have somewhat different emphases, methods and time interval.	1
Some reviews were simply based on one or a few keyword searches and on the comparison of numbers of keyword search retrievals.	0
Second, the investigation has illustrated the evolutionary nature of the journal’s thematic focus, pointing to its ability to reflect the rapidly changing world of accounting and audit whilst identifying emergent themes such that potential authors can prioritise work in areas deemed important by one of the world’s leading publications in the field.	1
This article deepens our understanding of patterns of collaboration unique to criminology by studying collaboration in a cohort of 4068 prolific criminologists.	1
All the data in this study were analysed by Excel 2010 software.	0
So far for some advantageous properties of power functions above exponential functions as size-frequency functions.	0
The aim of the present study is to empirically examine the time gap between pioneering work and Nobel recognition and discuss possible explanations for its variation across time and disciplines.	1
To our knowledge, this is the first study to explore relationships between residents’ scholarly activity in terms of publications and broad measures of their clinical performance during residency training.	1
Funding Open Access funding provided thanks to the CRUE-CSIC agreement with Springer Nature.	0
Our present findings lay the basis for proposals to editors and researchers in healthcare fields such that qualitative studies are evaluated fairly.	1
This work is a proof of concept that it is possible to go beyond standard network methodologies and build a space which is not only well suited to represent the dynamic of science, by it also allows to introduce metrics to make quantitative analysis and predictions.	1
2 The stop word list of the USPTO is designed in the context of specialised patent jargon, but we use it also for other types of documents for reasons of consistency.	0
All in all, there is enormous scope for insight and understanding, that starts from subject matter and content.	0
Lastly, this article gives some insight for editors and scholars related to AJTI.	1
Another issue to contend with was journal title changes, for example	0
This section presents the result of the cluster analysis, which is visualized as a Pathfinder network.	0
The validity of the proposed indicators is verified by the calculated results.	0
This distinction also reflects, in part, a longstanding debate in the theoretical literature regarding the various manifestations of perceived control such as agency and domain-specificity (e.g., Bandura, 1986; Heckhausen and Schulz, 1995; Rotter, 1975; Skinner, 1996).	0
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
For extensive discussions on computing the posterior distribution from the joint distribution, we refer to Steyvers and Griffiths (2007), Blei and Lafferty (2009), and Blei (2012).	0
Moreover, the present research bridge the knowledge gap due to the unavailability of previous bibliometric research that specifically focuses on LIS connected with IS.	1
The Harvard Innovation Laboratory generously provided us with meeting space for the experiment.	0
2 Histogram of fractionalization ratios at three levels of citation impact (All sciences)	0
As in most other aspects of history, more important than dates and figures are the personalities who form the development of an institution.	0
Traditional perspectives must be reexamined in the wake of transformations in the international circulation of knowledge and the subsequent diversification of scientific “peripherality”.	1
An original and important finding of our study is that even when presented information on the movement, scientists and scholars may still construct the division of moral labor around indicators in different ways to the movement— meaning the responsible metrics problematization does not disrupt or displace already embedded 'bottom-up responsibilities'.	1
2 Correlation between the Garfield Ratio and the JCR Garfield Factor (year: 2000)	0
The University Library, University of New South Wales, Sydney, NSW 2052, Australia.	0
With this, we shed light on their current importance, despite the emergence of new therapeutic targets and treatments in the field of oncology.	1
This study employs multi-source spatiotemporal data to develop a dynamic estimation method, evaluating the spatiotemporal dynamics of IUSS-ECE across 67 countries along the Belt and Road (B&R) from 1992 to 2020.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Because the grant peer-review process at NIH is confidential, the only way to systematically examine it is to replicate the process outside of the NIH in a highly realistic manner.	1
The detailed keywords in each cluster in presented in Table 10.	0
This may be for a number of reasons, but we believe the main one is that these criticisms undermine the desire to have an easy "scientific"-that is, quantitative-method of evaluation.	0
The author appearing first in the alphabet is Akse, and therefore his cluster is numbered as 1.	0
Diversification thus represents the key element that correlates with scientific and technological competitiveness.	1
As an application, I further study the network of citations of publications indexed in Web of Science, authored by all Italian academic economists between 2011 and 2015.	1
This section analyzed the institutions' performance in textiles, fashion, apparel and clothing studies.	0
Details of these steps are further elaborated in the subsequent sections.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2002 593	0
performed analyses, discussed the results and contributed to the text of the manuscript.	0
This study is an interdisciplinary study in bibliometrics and medicine.	1
Any views expressed are solely those of the author(s) and so cannot be taken to represent those of the Bank of England or to state Bank of England policy.	0
To cite this article: Kong-Rae Lee (2014) 10 years of innovation studies in Asia through the Asian Journal of Technology Innovation, Asian Journal of Technology Innovation, 22:1, 168-184, DOI: 10.1080/19761597.2014.909990	0
Turpin, University of Washington Dept of Orthodontics, HSC 357446, Seattle, WA 98195; e-mail, DLT@aol.com.	0
The MNLCS is therefore a substantial improvement for African countries with low publication outputs.	1
We ignore the posthumous publications of the Fields Medal recipients and contenders.	0
We included scholars who held leadership positions in formal units with an interdisciplinary focus.	0
The article is organized as follows: First, we iden- tify the citation patterns (impact factor, cited-half-life, and references-per-article) in bioinformatics journals.	0
Nevertheless, these findings reveal new insights that contribute to understandings of peer review, interdisciplinarity, and disciplinary development.	1
Importantly, in a subject area which has traditionally been published across a spectrum of titles, we have identified those journals in which this literature is concentrated.	1
The main reason for focusing on core journals was the correct orientation in entering EHFE specialized words in the co-word analysis.	1
The novelty of our study lies in our analysis of how differences in scientific cultures can enrich the collaborating parties.	1
Through bibliometric analysis, this study not only provides insights for constructing modern agricultural product cold chain logistics systems but also promotes the development of the fisheries industry.	1
However, we argue that the field would benefit from added longevity within these perceptions to capture shifting and transitory processes over time.	1
This study provides valuable insight into the experiences of interdisciplinary team members, but there are several limitations to this work.	1
This, along with the estimation of industry research expenditure, provides a more comprehensive understanding of health research funding in India than has been possible so far.	1
The estimates of all models can be found on Table 4 in the results section.	0
We believe our approach differs from much of existing accounts examining the shifts in scholarly practices in two fold ways.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
A similar feature is found in patents with delayed, gradual awakenings.	0
All descriptive statistics and correlations are presented in Table 1 and the Appendix.	0
We are grateful to Kathryn Byrne for her contribution to the glossary in the appendix.	0
NP: Number of publications; TC: Total citations; TC/NP: Citations per paper; PY_start: Publication year starting.	0
To the best of our knowledge, this is the only study to date that used bibliometric methods to evaluate the output of peer-reviewed publications on HIV/AIDS from Europe for the past decade.	1
2 Association between editors' H-index (x-axis) and the journals' H-index (y-axis) in African studies	0
The approach herein proposed breaks the paradigm of deterministic database analysis, treating the h-index as a random variable, i.e.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Just as citations between articles can be monitored so too can (the aggregate of) citations between journals.	0
Using these data sets, we have examined if conferences in Q and R behave differently.	0
Supplemental data for this article can be accessed on the publisher's website.	0
They rather act like sparks, keeping the power to ignite and hence transform their field.	1
A detailed picture, however, could not be completed without a total verification of publication data, which is still in progress.	0
Articles that come from open submissions are cited more frequently than articles in special issues.	1
Even with these limitations, our study provides an analysis of the current state and trajectory of surgical research in Asian countries.	1
Acknowledgments We would like to express our grateful thanks to Andrea Scharnhorst for her valuable comments.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
Taking into account all the observations mentioned earlier, we propose MM, a prediction method based on Multiple Models tailored for different research areas and citation counts, to predict the future citation counts of a paper.	1
of authors per article of Radiology was significantly greater than that of AJR (p<0.0001 for all study periods).	0
Also supported by the Natural Science Foundation of Beijing, China (Grant No.	0
This inquiry sheds much light on one important career event in the science enterprise-postdoc training—and demonstrates that such training remains essential to advance young scholars' academic entrance.	1
We identified areas that have received insufficient attention comparing the goal, targets, and indicators of SDG 11 to disclose directions for future research.	1
Properly conducted team science is highly desirable and can improve the efficiency and reproducibility record of many scientific fields.	0
Figure 2 provides a breakdown of the self-reported disciplines of the 213 responding journals.	0
Besides the shift in perspective, I contribute to the literature by exploring the QPT with econometric tools, whereas hitherto results have mainly been derived using qualitative methods.	1
The study is supported by High Impact Research, University of Malaya, Grant number UM.C/625/1/HIR/MOHE/SC/13/3.	0
This study contributes to empirical research that focuses at the individual researcher level (Melin 2000), concentrating on factors contributing to collaborative activity (Bozeman and Corley 2004; Gaughan and Corley 2010; van Rijnsoever and Hessels 2011) by analysing relationships between the volume of research collaborations and the diversity of work experience, internationalised social capital networks, and researchers' orientation toward basic or applied research.	1
2 - Total cancer specific outputs of top 14 UK cancer centres (anonymised) shown as integer and fraction counts terms between 1995-2004.	0
The weak, and sometimes negative, correlations between citation counts from one section with citation counts from other sections also addresses an issue that has not previously been investigated.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 441 times since 2013*	0
degree in analytical chemistry at the University of Athens, Greece, in 1990.	0
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Institute of Theoretical Science, University of Oregon Eugene, Oregon 97403 (USA)	0
On a spring day in April in 1989 the University of Oregon beat the University of California at Berkeley in a dual track meet by the score of 128 to 35.	0
Second, it analyzed the AASs with 3 citation-based metrics and found weak correlations between these parameters.	1
Received January 31, 2011; revised March 1, 2011; accepted March 1, 2011	0
(2008) in the sense that a small number of institutions corner the highest percentage of impact.	0
Each society determines what content will be available through J-STAGE, which is operated by the Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST), an affiliate of the Ministry of Education, and whether any restrictions should apply.	0
Natalie Lock for their assistance during final editing of the manuscript.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Keywords: Author disambiguation, Digital identity, ORCID, Social Sciences and Humanities, Researcher identifier	0
The grey shading indicates how strongly the element loads on the third dimension.	0
However, the unavailability of a proper selection criteria for A&I databases as a guideline for authors to choose important A&I databases is a considerable gap in knowledge endured by the existing literature.	1
The second series is instead calculated over the number of citable items, using the same methodology.	0
We develop the notion of strategic anticipation to highlight how the introduction of excellence funding arrangements has changed the way in which researchers make sense of their position in the science system.	1
Received 3 January 2003; received in revised form 14 March 2003; accepted 8 May 2003	0
The Polish case may be relevant also for various academic communities in other non-English-speaking countries especially from Central and Eastern Europe, despite the problem with the generalizability of results.	1
Messages without replies are considered threads of only a single message; there were 322 such threads.	0
In this work we propose a solution, testing various scaling factors for the distributions of research productivity in 174 scientific fields.	1
This approach goes beyond studies which have focused on a single metric, such as papers or citations to incorporate eight different variables.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2019.03.014.	0
The problem of who can help and how an addict or alcoholic can be helped is also somewhat controversial.	0
In this article, we describe the methodological framework and workflow that allows researchers to attribute a journal article to specific institutional resources at or near the time of publication.	1
The introduction of mandatory data disclosure distorts the incentives of researchers in several ways and may ultimately have detrimental effects.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Institut national de la santé et de la recherche médicale (INSERM), U1153	0
We introduced the new concept of the Sci-GEO chart to classify research areas in terms of continuity and cognitive linkage of research areas.	1
One interesting theoretical development describing diversity was Spaapen and Van Drooge's 'productive interactions' concept.	1
The present study points to a negligible peer review/citation count relationship and examining Waltman and Costas's altmetic study suggests a negligible relationship in biological sciences.	1
In particular, the institutional setting, the broad scope of research undertaken at the MNI and the proximity of patient and industry partners provide a new context to explore these issues.	1
It may well be inappropriate to suggest they should be a party to such identification.	0
This research makes a significant contribution by integrating and extending existing theories from travel behaviour and consumer psychology into a complex model that includes the awareness of the importance of sustainability in train travel among Romanian young adults belonging to Generation Z.	1
Globalization and recent innovations in the information and communication technologies have promoted scientific research through institutional, national, and international collaborations (K Chen et al., 2019; Mindeli & Markusova, 2015).	0
Furthermore, it has been observed that such indices are assessed on a small dataset and ingenious scenarios.	1
To focus on the nature of collaboration, single-authored papers were added to this list.	0
The rest of the paper is organised as follows: Section 2 summarises the literature on academic networks in economics; Section 3 presents the data and method used for the empirical analysis; Section 4 documents the main results; and Section 5 draws some conclusions.	0
The impact factor values of Annales Zoologici Fennici in the years 1979-1999	0
Identifying the major research areas in the combined subject domain can also be considered a novel contribution to the field.	1
Consequently, it is presumed that the study provides comprehensive and unbiased data on the overall trend of authorship growth in biomedical literature over the last two decades, both generally and for individual publication types.	1
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to European Society of Radiology 2023	0
The aggregate statistics for these groups are not reliable and can generate fluctuating trends.	0
At root, our work suggests that creativity in science appears to be a nearly universal phenomenon of two extremes.	1
In a preliminary report of their findings, they indicated that replies had been received from 89 chairmen (40%).	0
In the subjects of 'Computer science, theory and methods' and 'Mathematics, interdisciplinary applications', the growth in the WSP of mainland China reverses the upward trend of worldwide IAP.	1
This research removes the mystique of the U.S.	1
In this paper we will present h-index and some popular variants of h-index with their geometrical illustrations-histogram plots.	1
Despite these limitations, we believe that this study offers important insight into the study of professional networks and productivity for several reasons.	1
This study was made possible through a grant by the Swedish Council for Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (HSFR).	0
One of the most important contributions of this study is the assessment of versioning as a concept in quantitative science studies.	1
Therefore, the bibliographic coupling measure provides a different perspective from the traditional productivity count for measuring the phenomenon of authorship and can therefore be considered part of the group of research evaluation indicators.	1
Although prior literature mainly focused on analyzing the relationship between traditional metrics and altmetrics, this study is one of the earliest examining scholars' familiarity with metrics and investigating the extent to which they use these metrics in research evaluation.	1
We further observe that mobility of impact rankings has increased over time, and that such rise has been accompanied by a decline of impact inequality, which is consistent with the negative correlation that we observe between such two quantities.	1
73,345 relevant documents were exported in TXT format from the WOS database into Excel.	0
Table 6: Recommendations for best practices with respect to maximizing scientific quality.	0
Finally, this bibliometric analysis of the global research environment on the invasive FAW contributes to the understanding of research patterns, collaborative networks, and novel areas of interest.	1
However, in contrary to the NIRF method, we propose that instead of considering the total publications the computations should be based on the publication rate (number of publications per teacher) to control the faculty size bias.	1
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Keywords: computer mediated communication; information science; knowledge management; ethnography; case studies	0
Based on this, we introduce CI to compare diffusion paths (changes in citation and social media indicators) and text attributes of HIPs and HCPs, and to expound on the formation of HIPs.	1
(2020) were able to provide deeper insight into a country's research portfolio, including article and citation share for each collaboration type, and compare results to other CNCI indicators.	1
We thank Michael Schreiber for an exchange of ideas and an anonymous reviewer for recommendations that significantly improved 1 the paper.	0
Through our compilation of possible entry points, we have illustrated what sort of empirical material is lacking in the discussions on research evaluation and suggested how this material could contribute to broadening our understanding of field-type research quality notions and research quality more generally.	1
In this paper, we propose new means to quantify journals' interdisciplinarity by exploiting the bipartite relation between scholars and journals where such scholars do publish.	1
In contrast to existing research, our study considers not only semantic information but also structural similarity and citation sentiment.	1
available for re-use while the Tableau interface enables visual exploration and filtering of the model for detailed analysis.	0
Received: 10 August 2017; Accepted: 27 September 2017; Published: 29 September 2017	0
This article will introduce the 'endorsement effect' by first briefly discussing innovation policy's background and how policymakers assess the effectiveness of their policies.	1
We shall return to the question of whether this halt in the downward trend is likely to continue or is merely a temporary phenomenon.	0
The author thanks Ronald Rousseau and Alain Maricau (KHBO) for help in revising the original article, and the reviewers for some useful suggestions.	0
Furthermore, an overview of the relationship between science investments and knowledge production at the discipline level is largely missing from the literature.	1
What sets Author Assist apart from these services is that it is a publication-improvement service provided by the journal.	1
The latter philosophy is usually employed by the editors of clinical specialty journals.	0
Finally, we believe this study is also relevant for CONACYT because it provides a state of the art study of Mexico and strategic countries in science and technology with data from the Scopus database.	1
Here, we propose an alternative size- independent ratio computed from power and weakness scores that reproduces established notions of journal ranking in LIS.	1
To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first to evaluate GPT text embeddings on enhancing the visual exploration of literature datasets.	1
Although the rapid growth and extensive collaboration in HSS research is observed in theory, the publication trends, collaboration patterns and their effects on HSS research in this country remain unclear.	1
+ Paper presented at the International Conference on Science Indicators for Developing Countries, Paris, 15-19 October, 1990.	0
Then, we show the results obtained in the form of scientograms, which is how we chose to denominate the graphic representations obtained from scientometric information, to finally draw a few brief conclusions.	0
Furthermore, the article explores the potential moderating role of social capital and how relational dynamics can mitigate the potential problems associated with multidisciplinarity.	1
The RCR offers key advantages over other indices, which are reflected in differences in score distributions compared with the widely used h-index.	1
In conclusion, the decisive moment for the progress in the second decade of JBUON is undoubtedly the most important achievement - to be indexed in the SCI list, and the resulting IF.	1
Funding information is captured if it is mentioned in the acknowledgment section of the article and if the funding body is included in the FundRef ontology: http://www.crossref.org/fundref/.	0
Additionally, it does not involve the use of shareware software, making it potentially accessible to all academics, including those from developing countries.	1
It is important to mention that while the preexperimental design constitutes an initial step in evaluating children's perception of geology, it is more challenging to attribute any observed changes exclusively to the intervention without a control group as it is not possible to rule out the influence of external factors or uncontrolled variables.	1
To Scholars, Scientists, Archivists, Librarians, Editors, Authors and all others interested in scientific aids to learning:	0
Thus, '1' stands for the (article, author) pair that has received the largest number of 1-gen citations, '2' stands for the second best (article, author) pair, etc.	0
In comparison with the networks presented in the studies conducted by Gossart and Ozman [10], Osareh & Baji [12] and, Mansouri [13] co-author network of Iranian researchers in SSCI is denser.	1
In a few cases I looked up self-citations of the author to get the publication track of one person.	0
It varies from map to map, as the underlying information varies.	0
The comparison of the WoS title and topic searches (Figure 1D) confirmed that a substantial part of the increase supposed by the topic search (Figure 1A-B) and (Vitzthum et al., 2010) was an artifact caused by the recently increasing share of records containing abstracts and keywords.	1
This study shows that the concept of interdisciplinarity itself is changing on the emergence of new modes of knowledge creation, especially the rise of peer production, which presents a stark challenge to conventional thinking about interdisciplinarity.	1
The paper is organized as follows: next section presents the empirical data we work with and some preliminary statistical results.	0
the MAATrica score introduces a novel systematic approach for assessing the methodologies utilized in scientific studies.	1
Given that the database we used is one of the most comprehensive (in terms of journal coverage of the recent peer-reviewed literature), and articles are assigned to research communities based on the totality of the citation patterns surrounding the article (instead of the choice that an author might want to make in choosing keywords), the global approach allows for a more objective and verifiable view of whether an area of research is, in fact, likely to have significant growth in the future.	1
Additionally, by using this research as a guide, researchers from different fields will be able to analyse how the body of knowledge on a certain subject has evolved over time.	1
However, we retrieved the publications either as they were addressed as "Macau” or “Macao.	0
This paper fills the gap by scrutinizing team power dynamics of millions of teams in five disciplines.	1
relatedness between topic and topic) and the country level (i.e.	1
To the best of our knowledge, there is a lack of data concerning the evaluation of scientific research productivity in paracetamol poisoning from the world.	1
The x axis shows the number of top journals (up to 1,000), and the y axis gives the density of the network containing only these journals.	0
In balancing academic rigour with intensive editorial mentorship and social media promotion support, GPNG has developed critical lessons learned which can assist other venues and editors interested in engaging and supporting the work of ECRs effectively.	1
Received May 22, 2011; revised July 16, 2011; accepted July 18, 2011	0
?2019 ASIS&T Published online Month 00, 2018 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
An alternative method of aggregation based on data envelopment analysis (DEA) can overcome many of the shortcomings of conventional composite indicators (CIs) identified in the previous section.	1
One interesting development that progressed some way in bridging this gap was the 'productive interactions' conceptual proposition (Spaapen and Van Drooge 2011), which achieved a degree of uptake on policy communities.	1
In the rare events when journal issue date was not available it was calculated by using the known journal issue frequency.	0
the reviewers' ratings are independent across the clusters (here the clusters are the external reviewers), but are not necessarily independent within clusters.	0
The differences between the two sets of papers are explored and discussed with the intent of assisting students and scholars in preparing more impactful papers in the future.	1
Comprehensive national publication data employed in our study can provide new insights into the effects of competitive research funding.	1
This article attempts to fulfill this aim by using a relational technique for bibliometric studies.	1
This study will provide important information to a forensic scientist (a doctor, academic, and practitioner).	1
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
In doing so, it conceptualizes capitalism primarily not as a system of circulation and accumulation of monetary value but rather as a cultural way of producing, attributing, and accumulating specific forms of worth, which need not be monetary.	1
In summary, the present study provides an overview of how scientific output in the field of WSHE has evolved over time.	1
Special thanks to Bernard Lightman, Michael Gordin, Angela Creager and the anonymous referees for BJHS for much helpful feedback on this material.	0
This paper presents a methodology for conducting literature reviews based on CNA and proposes an original set of analyses on bibliographic data.	1
It states that the number of authors making n contributions is about of those making one contribution, where a nearly always equals two(Lotka, 1926), it has been confirmed by many other scholars' researches.	0
Citations from items designated in SSCI as reviews but in the journal as articles were added for analysis.	0
Therefore, the aims of this study are the following; first, we provide a new way of viewing the field of healthcare HRM and its associations by examining co-occurrence data.	1
While the patterns are not perfectly clear-cut, it does appear papers in larger journals tend to be more concise and have a broader scope.	0
Given its regular updates by a specialized committee, it offers a more contemporary perspective on the predatory publishing scenario.	1
The default port for the HTTP scheme is port 80 and is usually omitted.	0
Note: Two of the ten included journals (Annual Review of Medicine and Medicine) do not publish letters in response to their published material.	0
Because of the integrative and high-citation characteristics of review articles, these review papers have unique and complex citation patterns that differ from general publications, creating noise in the clustering analysis.	1
To give a more instructive form to the WD, the bibliometric analysis of Eq.	0
Bibliometrics technique has been adopted in various environment-related fields such as wetlands (Zhi and Ji 2012), biosorption technology (Ho 2008), estuary pollution (Sun et al.	1
Our statistical framework to assess ranking bias allows us to exactly quantify the contributions of each individual field to the overall bias of a given ranking.	1
To further increase readability the map includes only the 150 most used journals.	0
Author Assist introduces a journal-led initiative that effectively increases emergency care outputs without compromising quality within a research-limited setting.	1
Note: Int OA/non-OA = intention to publish Open Access/non-OA; ns = not significant.	0
These findings partially contradict the traditional flying geese model and point out additional interpretations of the convergence and divergence of developmental paths among advanced countries and less developed nations.	1
Last but not least, we have developed an open source software package - the research collaboration network analysis (RCNA) tool kit (available at https://github.com/bianjiang/rcna under MIT license) - to help catalyze research in this area, especially to facilitate CTSA institutions to effectively evaluate the CTSA in promoting collaborative research activities.	1
The fact that two historically important articles were written exclusively by Salvadoran scientists indicates the potential for high level science that the country has had at least since 1940.	1
As to our best knowledge, a measure to gauge the team exploration strategy has never been reported in explicit terms.	1
From one point of view, our paper contributes to a small empirical literature on the effect of tenure on academic output.	1
2 We use the terms "field" and "topic" interchangeably, because the distinction between the two is rather arbitrary (Sugimoto & Weingart, 2015).	0
The present study might provide journal editors with quantified and contextualized measures that effectively convey research impact well beyond what an impact factor number might indicate.	1
That is a condition where it is possible to detect a certain reproduction of ideas or to locate nearby ideas in works of different authors.	0
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
Received January 1, 2018; revised May 17, 2018; accepted July 14, 2018	0
We have now proposed a framework score to see how Indian universities and research-focused institutions fare in the world of high-end research in terms of excel- lence and diversity.	1
The analysis of a century's worth of research papers on educational technology is done in this study using computational linguistics techniques.	1
From a statistical perspective, the proposal to calculate IFlog, after converting the citations of papers with skewed distributions into a logarithmic format, aims to rectify the statistical shortcomings of the impact factor.	1
The characteristics of the new subset are not likely to be the same.	0
However, there is no study, to the best of our knowledge, that has specifically investigated its relation to health.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(0):1–15, 2019	0
Trends revealed by systematic studies of the publications retracted due to alleged misconduct can inform efforts to strengthen research integrity, though prior studies have all limited their scope to the PubMed database (see citations in Grieneisen and Zhang 2012; Fang et al.	1
To summarise this paper has a twofold goal: first to propose, in the framework of data science, new tools to collect and analyse historical databases, second and in complement with the former, to provide a narrative on the history of mathematics as extracted from data.	1
This paper is an attempt to encourage university management to promote research integrity among individuals who are directly or indirectly involved in the research process by taking action against those involved in misconduct.	1
To allow other researcher to easily implement our statistical test for ranking bias, we make the respective code publicly available?	1
Finally, we make a better understanding of the research directions in the USA and China.	1
Second, we document how scientists' personal propensities relate differentially to these two research characteristics.	1
This review demonstrates that particularistic histories of science and technology may be fruitfully augmented with informetrics to examine how disciplinary diffusion narratives coincide with patterns across science more broadly, thereby opening up disciplinary knowledge to inform future research.	1
Each bar shows a 95% confidence interval, while the filled marker is the point estimate.	0
Similar studies have mostly covered smaller samples of post-socialist countries during relatively short periods and made no distinction between social sciences and humanities (Jurajda et al., 2017; Kulczycki et al., 2018; Paji?, 2015; Petr et al., 2021).	1
Based on our proposed model, virtual HRN as a reliable and feasible strategy should be adopted in our country and enables us to promote the functions and features of HRN.	1
The mechanism is simple to apply and adjusts for metric magnitude differentials and distributional asymmetries in the rank-score curves.	1
The observed frequencies Fij are samples from Poisson distributions with expected values we can call Eij.	0
Therefore, our results falsify the idea that men persist in science because of their better innate scientific abilities (coined the Summers hypothesis; Barres 2006), supporting other recent studies (Spelke 2005, Halpern et al.	1
However, the indices have been adapted to the notation used within this paper and to address some shortcomings of the real number versions of the indices.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0) which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
In this context, we developed a novel, automated, scientific evidence management platform called Risklick AI.	1
The distinctions made by these scholars have been drawn on here to guide the research presented.	0
The % was calculated as: (1– (expected citations/ observed citations)) × 100%	0
Our analysis allows comparison of contributions of the international community to Chornobyl-related research as well as integration of Ukraine in international research on this subject.	1
The main findings are labelled with letters (F1, F2, etc.) to aid navigation.	0
For Case 2, can you indicate the main reasons for your 'most likely' option?	0
It was with book people in mind that libcitations were proposed as an alternative or complement to citation-based indicators.	1
12 See the footnote in Table 3 for a more detailed explanation of this finding.	0
The dependent variable is a scale-free measure of normalized WAI indicator, calculated from the mean and the SD of period of 2001–2003.	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/reseval/rvy007/4929840 by University of Durham Stockton Campus user on 13 March 2018	0
Our study does, fortunately, find some very encouraging results; though reviewer scores varied depending on the geographic locality of the reviewer (an observation worth further exploration), we found no evidence that gender of the editor or reviewer affected the review score or final editorial decisions on papers.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s1119 2-020-03814-w) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
However, the study has many limitations, and some exploration needs to be carried out in future research.	0
Dimensions are an example of the new perspective in the metric systems through the combination of alternative metrics with traditional metrics.	1
Here we mention only a few that have been published in journals indexed by prestigious Brazilian and international databases:	0
2011; Wang and Jones 2021), and therefore, the assessment of tenure effect is prone to selection bias (Ren, Yu, and Zhao 2020; Yin 2020).	1
Most notably, for a precise analysis of gender homophily, we develop methodology which explicitly accounts for the fact that the data comprises heterogeneous intellectual communities and that not all authorships are exchangeable.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Our results indicate that fake papers are well made and resemble honest papers even at the metadata level.	1
Corresponding institutions (including the affiliated hospitals) contributing the most highly-cited DBS research articles.	0
Science versus technology by regions in relation to the number of inhabitants	0
The data have been kindly provided by CNRS Human Resources administration: it is a pleasure to thank Y.	0
This paper reports on an experiment concerning the social construction of statistical definitions, where the first census of Higher Education Institutions in Europe has been developed.	1
For the reasons noted above, this study aims to examine the degree of interdisciplinarity of coronavirus-related research, and explore the evolution of disciplinary co-occurrence relationships.	1
This research provides valuable insights for the development of scientific research productivity in the field of library and information science.	1
We would like to thank Loet Leydesdorff for his valuable feedback on a previous version of the manuscript.	0
This study aimed to find the most satisfactory balance between the basic “ingredients" of scientific publishing practices.	1
In addition, we find that the senior scientists' power to exclude other authors plays a more important role in explaining the patterns of exclusion than differences in authors' attribution preferences.	1
To verify this merge, we inspected 100 random records manually and found all these merges were accurate.	0
This is the first attempt to compare author and reader reasons for citation and hence to validate the use of citation context analysis.	1
The values of SJR were multiplied by 100 for illustration purposes.	0
Leading university repositories in supply of content, participation and web visibility.	0
This research may be a useful starting point for developing a more comprehensive study of the field of physics.	1
The next section reviews the related literature and proposed hypotheses for testing.	0
(2014) offer a promising advance in this area through their development of the individual annual h-index (hIa).	1
Yet, how scientists involve collaborators in their research topics remains poorly understood.	1
Through this study, we were able to identify funding processes that are considered by some to be effortful, but necessary, as well as those that were perceived as unnecessary, complex and repetitive, and may waste some researchers time and effort and impact on well-being.	1
We also use sophisticated term map visualisations to study the structure and development of the maternal mortality literature in a bottom-up fashion.	1
To the best of our knowledge this is the first attempt that uses supervised machine learning methods for prediction of reciprocal links in citation networks.	1
Previous research in this field has been conducted in public universities, so this novel study examines the factors that influence the conditions of scientific production in a private Peruvian university (Universidad Privada San Juan Bautista) with just over 25 years of operation.	1
More details of the COLLNET can get in the Webpage: www.collnet.de.	0
Extracted decision tree from data for the detection of hijacked journals.	0
This could be broad areas such as "Computer Science" or more narrow areas such as "Robotic Sensing".	0
100 MOST-CITED HBO2 PUBLICATIONS FROM 2011-2020 – UHM 2022 VOL 49 NO 4	0
In order to obtain a linear form, log-normal specification is used.	0
So, our 4-year analysis covers years with maximum number of citations and we may expect our results to be reliable.	0
Received: 6 September 2022 / Accepted: 19 April 2023 / Published online: 8 May 2023	0
This is the first study to examine the role of the CTSA program in supporting child health investigators through institutional CDAs.	1
This paper, then, provides an exploratory analysis with funding data and disease burden data and serves as an attempt to investigate the relation between societal needs and scientific investment.	1
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
The interpretation of the data in the profiles will be illustrated for the entries in Table 5.	0
In this article, we explore citation patterns of high-quality and high-impact publications, in order to construct a total framework for indicating high-quality or high-impact publications via characterized citation patterns, with clarifying the relations and differences between high-quality and high-impact ones.	1
This new form of analyses of research productivity, and its relation to economic status, reveals novel insights to the dynamics of the economic and research structure of countries.	1
This current research deviates from the existing studies in a number of ways.	1
Please note that in the following text all passages that appear between commentaries in this typeface are editorial notes.	0
We define a new dynamic RAM as “ESC = 2YS – HS = (H-STAR – 2Y-STAR)/2”.	1
Acknowledgments: We acknowledge support by the Open Access Publication Fund of the University of Duisburg-Essen.	0
The result is a simple but useful program, called STICCI.eu (Software Tool for Improving and Converting Citation Indices – enhancing uniformity), able to perform not only the conversion from Scopus to WoS (and vice versa) but also the purge and standardization of the data incorporated in these two databases and others.	1
The authors have no funding, financial relationships, or conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
Each of those maps may be built with publications or authors as nodes (Fig.	0
This paper is a preliminary study focusing only on LSBS, a SSH work.	1
This paper has adopted an innovative approach to quantify the similarity of concepts, which directly uses their scientosemantic networks, without a need to a global network.	1
The possible effect of the ambiguity of names is discussed in section “Influence of ambiguity of author and organisation names”.	0
While former research shows the strong bias against GS authors in the field of communication studies, this is the first analysis that tries to find Bourdieusian explanations for this well-known phenomenon.	1
Figures 1a–e present the publication success of the top 20 countries based on five indicators of productivity, impact and collaboration: (a) total number of papers; (b) total number of citations; (c) citations per publication; (d) citedness rate; and (e) proportion of internationally collaborative publications during a 10 years time span (2005–2014).	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2015	0
